Yangliuqing () is a market town in Xiqing District, in the western suburbs of Tianjin, People's Republic of China.
Despite its relatively small size, it has been named since 2006 in the "famous historical and cultural market towns in China".
It is best known in China for creating nianhua or Yangliuqing nianhua.
For more than 400 years, Yangliuqing has in effect specialised in the creation of these woodcuts for the New Year.
wood block prints using vivid colourschemes to portray traditional scenes of children's games often interwoven with auspiciouse objects.
, it had 27 residential communities () and 25 villages under its administration.
Shi Family Grand Courtyard (Tiānjīn Shí Jiā Dà Yuàn, 天津石家大院) is situated in Yangliuqing Town of Xiqing District, which is the former residence of wealthy merchant Shi Yuanshi - the 4th son of Shi Wancheng, one of the eight great masters in Tianjin.
First built in 1875, it covers over 6,000 square meters, including large and small yards and over 200 folk houses, a theater and over 275 rooms that served as apartments and places of business and worship for this powerful family.
Shifu Garden, which finished its expansion in October 2003, covers 1,200 square meters, incorporates the elegance of imperial garden and delicacy of south garden.
Now the courtyard of Shi family covers about 10,000 square meters, which is called the first mansion in North China.
Now it serves as the folk custom museum in Yangliuqing, which has a large collection of folk custom museum in Yanliuqing, which has a large collection of folk art pieces like Yanliuqing New Year pictures, brick sculpture.
Shi's ancestor came from Dong'e County in Shandong Province, engaged in water transport of grain.
As the wealth gradually accumulated, the Shi Family moved to Yangliuqing and bought large tracts of land and set up their residence.
Shi Yuanshi came from the fourth generation of the family, who was a successful businessman and a good household manager, and the residence was thus enlarged for several times until it acquired the present scale.

The residence is symmetric based on the axis formed by a passageway in the middle, on which there are four archways.
On the east side of the courtyard, there are traditional single-story houses with rows of rooms around the four sides, which was once the living area for the Shi Family.
The rooms on north side were the accountants' office.
On the west are the major constructions including the family hall for worshipping Buddha, theater and the south reception room.
On both sides of the residence are side yard rooms for maids and servants.
Today, the Shi mansion, located in the township of Yangliuqing to the west of central Tianjin, stands as a surprisingly well-preserved monument to China's pre-revolution mercantile spirit.
It also serves as an on-location shoot for many of China's popular historical dramas.
Many of the rooms feature period furniture, paintings and calligraphy, and the extensive Shifu Garden.
Part of the complex has been turned into the Yangliuqing Museum, which includes displays focused on symbolic aspects of the courtyards'  construction, local folk art and customs, and traditional period furnishings and crafts.
List of township-level divisions of Tianjin


Orana Australia Ltd is a not-for-profit organisation that provides a diverse range of training and support services to over 650 people with disabilities and their families in South Australia.
The Mentally Retarded Children’s Society of SA Inc. was established in 1950 by a group of parents who wanted education, employment and accommodation opportunities for their children within the local community at a time when institutionalised care in Adelaide was their only alternative.
The society’s aims were to seek education or training facilities for people with intellectual disabilities, to establish sheltered workshops, and to establish residential hostels.
A number of sheltered workshops were established, and in 1980, the name was changed to the Aboriginal word "Orana", which means "Welcome".
Today, Orana provides assisted employment, assisted accommodation and respite services to people with intellectual disabilities.
Orana's current and previous clients include Mitsubishi Motors, Clipsal, RAA, Elders Limited, and Billycart Kids.
Orana was one of the first disability service organisations to achieve Quality Accreditation.
The services and products they offer are:
 Furniture – Manufacture for Commercial Market
 Pet & Grain – Retail
In 2018, after 65 years of bettering people’s lives, Orana identified a community need and expanded their operations into the aged care sector.
After the unveiling of the Australian Government’s Commonwealth Home Support Programme (CHSP) and seeing it as a natural step of progression, Orana now provides quality tailored aged care at home.
The well-resourced organization delivers help across a range of areas, helping the elderly remain where they want to be - in the comfort of their own home during their later years.
Orana continues with its mission to support people remain independent, valued and productive members of the community.


The St. Mary's Church is a church owned by the Church of Denmark in Sønderborg, Denmark and the church of the parish with the same name.
Thanks to its location on a hill, the church building is very iconic for the city.
In the Middle Ages there was a leper colony on a hill just outside the city.
It was named after Saint George and around 1300 the chapel of this leper colony stood in the place of the present St. Mary's Church.
After the old parish church of the city, the St. Nicholas Church, was demolished around 1530, the Saint-George chapel became the new main church.
Towards the end of the 16th century, John II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg commissioned the enlargement of the building in order to make it suitable for the function of the parish church of his city.
The current St. Mary's Church
In 1595 a start was made on the partial demolition of the old church and the construction of the new church.
Only parts of the old medieval church remained.
From the medieval church, a medieval wooden wall cupboard dating from about 1400 remained.
The solemn inauguration of the new parish church took place just before Christmas in 1600.
In 1649 the George Church was renamed as the Mary Church.
The name of Saint George stayed in the Danish names Sankt Jørgensgade and Jørgensbjerg.


Connie Kalitta (born 1938), a retired American drag racer and CEO of the eponymous Kallita Air.
Doug Kalitta (born 1964), an American drag racer, nephew of Connie Kalitta and owner of Kalitta Charters.
Scott Kalitta (1962-2008), an American drag racer and son of Connie Kalitta.
Kalitta Air, a cargo airline flying Boeing 747 aircraft.
Kalitta Charters, a cargo airline flying medium-sized aircraft.


Where Is Freedom?
() is a 1954 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini.
The film had a troubled production because, after shooting some scenes, Rossellini lost interest in the film and abandoned the set.
The work was completed after about a year, mainly from Mario Monicelli, with some scenes also shot by Lucio Fulci and Federico Fellini.
Despite that, Rossellini is the sole credited director of the film.
Difficulties and troubles of an ex-convict.
Embittered and disillusioned by life, he will soon plan his return to prison.
Totò: Salvatore Lo Jacono
Nita Dover:  maratoneta di danza
Leopoldo Trieste: Abramo Piperno
Salvo Libassi:  maresciallo #2
Giacomo Rondinella:  carcerato
Mario Castellani: pubblico ministero


Latin liturgical rites, or Western liturgical rites, are Catholic liturgical rites employed by the Latin Church, the largest particular church sui iuris of the Catholic Church, that originated in Europe where the Latin language once dominated.
Its language is now known as Ecclesiastical Latin.
The most used rite is the Roman Rite.
The Latin rites were for many centuries no less numerous than the liturgical rites of the Eastern autonomous particular Churches.
Their number is now much reduced.
In the aftermath of the Council of Trent, in 1568 and 1570 Pope Pius V suppressed the Breviaries and Missals that could not be shown to have an antiquity of at least two centuries (see Tridentine Mass and Roman Missal).
Many local rites that remained legitimate even after this decree were abandoned voluntarily, especially in the 19th century.
In the second half of the 20th century, most of the religious orders that had a distinct liturgical rite chose to adopt in its place the Roman Rite as revised in accordance with the decrees of the Second Vatican Council (see Mass of Paul VI).
A few such liturgical rites persist today for the celebration of Mass, since 1965–1970 in revised forms, but the distinct liturgical rites for celebrating the other sacraments have been almost completely abandoned.
Liturgical rites currently in use within the Latin Church
The Roman Rite is by far the most widely used.
Like other liturgical rites, it developed over time, with newer forms replacing the older.
It underwent many changes in the first millennium and a half of its existence (see Pre-Tridentine Mass).
The forms that Pope Pius V, as requested by the Council of Trent, established in the 1560s and 1570s underwent repeated minor variations in the centuries immediately following.
Each new typical edition (the edition to which other printings are to conform) of the Roman Missal (see Tridentine Mass) and of the other liturgical books superseded the previous one.
The 20th century saw more profound changes.
Pope Pius X radically rearranged the Psalter of the Breviary and altered the rubrics of the Mass.
Later popes continued to make such changes, beginning with Pope Pius XII, who significantly revised the Holy Week ceremonies and certain other aspects of the Roman Missal in 1955.

As before, each new typical edition of an official liturgical book supersedes the previous one.
Thus, the 1970 Roman Missal, which superseded the 1962 edition, was superseded by the edition of 1975.
The 2002 edition in turn supersedes the 1975 edition both in Latin and, as official translations into each language appear, also in the vernacular languages.
Under the terms of Summorum Pontificum by Pope Benedict XVI, the Mass of Paul VI is known as the Ordinary Form of the Roman Rite.
The Tridentine Mass, as in the 1962 Roman Missal, is still authorized for use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite under the conditions indicated in the document Summorum Pontificum.
The Ordinariate Use is a form or variation of the Roman Rite, rather than a unique rite itself.
During the Liturgy of the Eucharist, especially the Eucharistic Prayer, it is closest to other forms of the Roman Rite, while it differs more during the Liturgy of the Word and the Penitential Rite.
The language used, which differs from that of the ICEL translation of the Roman Rite of Mass, is based upon the Book of Common Prayer, originally written in the 16th century.
Prior to the establishment of the personal ordinariates, parishes in the United States were called "Anglican Use" and used the Book of Divine Worship, an adaptation of the Book of Common Prayer.
The Book of Divine Worship has been replaced with the similar Divine Worship: The Missal for use in the ordinariates worldwide.
Anglican liturgical rituals, whether those used in the ordinariates of the Catholic Church or in the various prayer books and missals of the Anglican Communion and other denominations trace their origin back to the Sarum Use, which was a variation of the Roman Rite used in England before introduction during the reign of Edward VI of the 1549 Book of Common Prayer, following the break from the Roman church under the previous monarch Henry VIII.

That provision also permitted, as an exception and on a case by case basis, the ordination of married former Episcopal ministers as Catholic priests.
As personal parishes, these parishes were formerly part of the local Roman Catholic diocese, but accepted as members any former Anglican who wished to make use of the provision.
On 9 November 2009, Pope Benedict XVI established a worldwide provision for Anglicans who joined the church.
This process set up personal ordinariates for former Anglicans and other persons entering the full communion of the Catholic Church.
These ordinariates would be similar to dioceses, but encompassing entire regions or nations.
Parishes belonging to an ordinariate would not be part of the local diocese.
These ordinariates are charged with maintaining the Anglican liturgical, spiritual and pastoral traditions, and they have full faculties to celebrate the Eucharist and the other sacraments, the Liturgy of the Hours and other liturgical functions in accordance with the liturgical books proper to Anglican tradition, in revisions approved by the Holy See.
This faculty does not exclude liturgical celebrations according to the Roman Rite.
The Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham was set up for England and Wales on 15 January 2011, and the Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of Saint Peter for the United States and Canada on 1 January 2012, and the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of the Southern Cross for Australia on 15 June 2012.
As of 2017 it was decreed that all parishes in the United States established under the Pastoral Provision be transferred to the Ordinariate.
Bishop Steven Lopes of the Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of Saint Peter has requested that terms such as "Anglican Use" and "Anglican Ordinariate" be avoided, saying "Our clergy and faithful do not like being called Anglican, both because this is insensitive to actual Anglicans, and because it is a subtle way of suggesting that their entrance into full communion is less that total.
We are Catholic in every sense."

These originated in the 17th century, and some remained in use until the Second Vatican Council.
The priest's parts remained in Latin, while the ordinaries sung by the choir were translated into the vernacular (e.g., Mohawk, Algonquin, Micmac, and Huron).
They also generally featured a reduced cycle of native-language propers and hymns.
At present they are rarely used.
The Zaire Use is an inculturated variation of the Ordinary Form of the Roman Rite of the Roman Catholic Church.
It has been used to a very limited extent in some African countries since the late 1970s.
Western Rites of "Gallican" type
The Ambrosian Rite is celebrated in most of the Archdiocese of Milan, Italy, and in parts of some neighbouring dioceses in Italy and Switzerland.
The language used is now usually Italian, rather than Latin.
With some variant texts and minor difference in the order of readings, it is similar in form to the Roman Rite.
Its classification as Gallican-related is disputed.
The Rite of Braga is used, but since 18 November 1971 only on an optional basis, in the Archdiocese of Braga in northern Portugal.
The Mozarabic Rite, which was prevalent throughout Spain in Visigothic times, is now celebrated only in limited locations, principally the cathedral of Toledo.
The Carthusian rite is in use in a version revised in 1981.
Apart from the new elements in this revision, it is substantially the rite of Grenoble in the 12th century, with some admixture from other sources.
Among other differences from the Roman Order of Mass, the deacon prepares the gifts while the Epistle is being sung, the celebrating priest washes his hands twice at the offertory and says the eucharistic prayer with arms extended in the form of a cross except when using his hands for some specific action, and there is no blessing at the end of Mass.
This is now the only extant Mass rite of a Catholic religious order; but by virtue of the Ecclesia Dei indult some individuals or small groups are authorized to use some now defunct rites.

The Order of Saint Benedict has never had a rite of the Mass peculiar to it, but it keeps its very ancient Benedictine Rite of the Liturgy of the Hours.
Defunct Catholic Western liturgical rites
In Africa Proconsulare, located in present-day Tunisia (of which Carthage was the capital), the African Rite was used before the 7th-century Arab conquest.
It was very close to the Roman Rite; so much so that Western liturgical traditions have been classified as belonging to two streams, the North African-Rome tradition, and the Gallican (in the broad sense) tradition encompassing the rest of the Western Roman Empire, including northern Italy.
The ancient Celtic Rite was a composite of non-Roman ritual structures (possibly Antiochian) and texts not exempt from Roman influence, that was similar to the Mozarabic Rite in many respects and would have been used at least in parts of Ireland, Scotland, the northern part of England and perhaps even Wales, Cornwall and Somerset, before being authoritatively replaced by the Roman Rite in the early Middle Ages.
"Celtic" is possibly a misnomer and it may owe its origins to Augustine's re-evangelisation of the British Isles in the 6th century.
Little is known of it, though several texts and liturgies survive.
Some Christians–typically groups not in communion with the Roman Catholic Church, especially some Western Orthodox Christian communities in communion with Eastern Orthodox Churches, e.g.
Celtic Orthodoxy–have attempted to breathe life into a reconstruction of the Celtic Rite the historical accuracy of which is debated.
Historical evidence of this rite is found in the remnants of the Stowe (Lorrha) Missal.
The Gallican Rite is a retrospective term applied to the sum of the local variants, on similar lines to that designated elsewhere as the Celtic Rite (above) and the Mozarabic Rite, which faded from use in France by the end of the first millennium.
It should not be confused with the so-called Neo-Gallican liturgical books published in various French dioceses after the Council of Trent, which had little or nothing to do with it.
Regional Latin rites or uses

The Sarum Rite (more properly Sarum Use), a defunct variant on the Roman rite originating in the Diocese of Salisbury, which had come to be widely practised in England and Scotland around the 1530s, while the Protestant Reformation swept across continental Europe; practised alongside limited other variants such as the Use of York, Lincoln Use, Bangor Use, and Hereford Use.
It has a legacy in its influence on later Anglican liturgy.
The Cologne Use, used in the diocese of Cologne () prior to 1570.
The Metz Use, created by Arnulf of Metz and Amalarius of Metz in the ninth century–used in Alsace-Lorraine, the Netherlands, and Flemish and Wallonian lands until the beginning of the twentieth century.
The Lyonese Rite of the Diocese of Lyon, France, which some consider to have been (rather than Milan) the centre of diffusion of the Gallican liturgy; it is maintained in a few parishes in Lyon.
The Nidaros Use, long defunct, based mainly on imported English liturgical books, used in pre-Reformation Norway.
The Uppsala Use, suppressed during the Reformation, formerly the dominant variant of the Roman Rite used in northern Sweden.
The  Aquileian Rite, a defunct rite originating in the former patriarchate of Aquileia in northern Italy.
The Benevento Rite, a defunct Latin rite originated in this city in Italy.
The Durham Rite (defunct: Durham, England)
The Esztergom Use (defunct: Archdiocese of Esztergom, used between the 12th and 17th centuries primarily in the Archdiocese of Esztergom, and in its suffragan dioceses.
Similar rites were also in Slovakia and in southern, central, and western Poland.
These usages of Roman liturgy was the closest to Roman (today Vatican) rites with some small Byzantine-Slavic elements.
Some religious orders celebrated Mass according to rites of their own, dating from more than 200 years before the papal bull Quo primum.

Following the Second Vatican Council, they have mostly been abandoned, except for the Carthusian Rite (see above).
Religious orders of more recent origin have never had special rites.
The following previously existing rites of Mass, distinct from the Roman Rite, continue to be used on a limited basis by the permission of ecclesiastical superiors:
The Catholic Encyclopedia applied the word "rite" also to the practices followed (to some extent even now, a century later) by certain Catholic religious orders, while at the same time stating that they in fact followed the Roman Rite:
Catholic particular churches and liturgical rites


Fernaldia pandurata (common name: loroco ) is a vine with edible flowers, widespread in Mexico and Central America.
Fernaldia pandurata is an important source of food in El Salvador and Guatemala.
The plant's buds and flowers are used for cooking in a variety of ways, including in pupusas.
The name "loroco" is used throughout Mesoamerica to refer to Fernaldia pandurata.
Fernaldia pandurata is an herbaceous vine with oblong-elliptical to broadly ovate leaves .
long, 1.5–8 cm broad, inflorescences are generally somewhat shorter than the leaves, with 8–18 flowers, the pedicels 4–6 mm.
long; bracts ovate,  long; calyx lobes ovate, acute or obtuse, 2–3 mm.
long; corolla white within, greenish outside.


Chester Earl Merrow (November 15, 1906 – February 10, 1974) was a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire.
Born in Center Ossipee, New Hampshire, Merrow attended the public schools and Brewster Free Academy in Wolfeboro from 1921 to 1925.
He was graduated from Colby College, Waterville, Maine, in 1929 and from Teachers College (summers) (Columbia University), New York City, in 1937.
Merrow was an instructor of science at Kents Hill School in Maine in 1929 and 1930 and at Montpelier Seminary from 1930 to 1937.
He served as assistant headmaster of Montpelier Seminary from 1935 to 1938.
He was an instructor of political science and history at Vermont Junior College in Montpelier in 1937 and 1938.
Merrow was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1939 and 1940.
He became a radio news commentator and lecturer, and served as delegate to an international conference on education and cultural relations of the United Nations, held in London in 1945.
He was a congressional adviser to the first conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) held in Paris in 1946.
He served as a member of the United States delegation to UNESCO 1946-1949.
Merrow was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-eighth and to the nine succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1943 – January 3, 1963).
Merrow voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960.
He was not a candidate for reelection in 1962 to the Eighty-eighth Congress, but was unsuccessful for nomination to the United States Senate.
Subsequently, he was Special Adviser on Community Relations, Department of State, from 1963 to 1968.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1970 to the Ninety-second Congress and in 1972 to the Ninety-third Congress.
He resided in Center Ossipee until his death there, February 10, 1974.
He was interred in Chickville Cemetery.


HIS ("Hightech Information System Limited"; established 1987), is a Hong Kong-based graphics card manufacturer that produces AMD (formerly known as ATI) Radeon graphics cards.
Its headquarters are in Hong Kong, with additional sales offices and distribution networks in Europe, the Middle East, North America and Asia Pacific Regions.
The current distributor in Hong Kong is JunMax Technology.
HIS manufactures and sells AMD Radeon series video cards.
They are known for their IceQ cooling technology as well as producing the latest and fastest PCI cards like AMD Radeon RX 590, RX 5700 and RX 5700 XT.
In 2019, HIS launched new versions of the RX 5700 XT in pink and blue.


AD 47 (XLVII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
"At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Claudius and Vitellius (or, less frequently, year 800 Ab urbe condita).
The denomination AD 47 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
 Claudius revives the censorship and ludi saeculares, and organises the order of the Haruspices, with 60 members.
 Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo is made commander of the Roman army in Germania Inferior.
He conquers the Chauci and fights against the Cherusci and Frisians.
 Cauci pirates led by the Roman deserter Gannascus ravage the Gallic coast; Corbulo uses the Rhine fleet against them.
The Frisian revolt is suppressed.
 Publius Ostorius Scapula replaces Aulus Plautius as governor of Britain.
The south-east of the island is now a Roman province, while certain states on the south coast are ruled as a nominally independent client kingdom by Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus, whose seat is probably at Fishbourne near Chichester.
Ostorius immediately faces incursions from unconquered areas, which he puts down.
 Corbulo orders the construction of the canal Fossa Corbulonis, between the Rhine and Meuse in the Netherlands, which connects the city Forum Hadriani (Voorburg).
 Romans build the Traiectum fortification near the mouth of the Rhine, which will later grow to be the city of Utrecht.
 Claudius founds the city Forum Claudii Vallensium (modern Martigny) in the Alpes Poeninae (Switzerland).
 Musselburgh is founded in Roman Britain (Scotland).
 Ananias becomes high priest in Judaea.
 Paul starts his evangelistic work.
 Taejodae, Korean ruler of Goguryeo (d. 165)
 Decimus Valerius Asiaticus, Roman politician and consul

 Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus, Roman nobleman
 Quintus Sanquinius Maximus, Roman politician
 Vardanes I, king of the Parthian Empire


Ollombo is a district in the Plateaux  Department of Republic of the Congo.




Clancy Rofique (born 22 July 1998) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays as a forward for Ligue 2 side Le Havre and the Mauritius national football team.


This is a list of media from the Punjab region or published in the Punjabi language.
Punjabi journalists have received many international awards for their reporting.
After 2019, there is rise digital content and channels in punjabi language:
Major Punjabi newspapers and news organizations
Other major online Punjabi newspapers
List of Punjabi-language television channels


Nenad "Purke" Stojanović (; born 22 October 1979) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker.
After coming through the youth categories of Red Star Belgrade, Stojanović went on numerous loans, having a breakthrough season at Bosnian club Leotar in 2002–03.
He was the team's top scorer with 22 goals in 23 league games, helping them win their first national title in history.
Following his return to Red Star, Stojanović played mostly as a substitute and scored several crucial goals in the 2003–04 season, helping the side win the championship.
In January 2005, Stojanović was transferred to Belgian club Genk, signing a three-and-a-half-year contract.
He also played for Brussels, before moving to Russian club Luch Vladivostok in early 2007.
In the summer of 2008, Stojanović returned to Serbia and joined Vojvodina.
In July 2018, aged 38, Stojanović agreed terms with Belgrade Zone League side Leštane.
He previously played for Brodarac 1947 (Spring 2015), IMT (2015–16), and Žarkovo (2016–17) in the Serbian League Belgrade.
 Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina: 2002–03
 First League of Serbia and Montenegro: 2003–04
 Serbia and Montenegro Cup: 2003–04


The Canadian Association for Free Expression (CAFE) is a Canadian political group led by Paul Fromm, a white supremacist.
Established in 1981, CAFE is committed to the promotion and defense of total freedom of speech, and publishes the Free Speech Monitor ten times a year.
Although it began in Ontario, it has also been incorporated in Alberta.
Opponents have accused CAFE of racism, arguing that it does not merely support the free speech rights of far right groups, but also promotes their views.
CAFE has criticized what it considers injustices against white people in Canada, and has argued that Canadian laws do not robustly defend the free speech of whites, and are too weighted in favour of minorities.
CAFE has campaigned (along with the defunct white nationalist groups Canadian Heritage Alliance and Northern Alliance) for the release of Brad Love, whom it claimed was jailed for expressing his nativist sentiments.
CAFE has also campaigned for the release of Holocaust deniers Ernst Zündel and David Irving, and against human rights lawyer Richard Warman and the Canadian Human Rights Commission.
On November 23, 2007, Ontario Superior Court Justice Monique Métivier ruled that Fromm and CAFE had libelled Warman, and ordered them to pay $30,000 in damages and to post full retractions within ten days on all the websites on which the defamatory comments were posted.
The Ontario Court of Appeal upheld the judgment in December 2008 with damages being raised to $40,000, as Fromm was ordered to pay an additional $10,000 towards Warman's legal costs.
Warman said the appeal court's ruling "sends the message that those who try to use the cloak of free speech to poison other people's reputations through lies and defamation do so at their own peril."
CAFE was an intervenor in Oger v Whatcott, a hearing before the British Columbia Human Rights Tribunal regarding harassment of Ms. Oger by Mr. Whatcott, who Ms. Oger alleged ran a very public campaign of harassment against her on the basis of her gender identity.
CAFE supported Mr. Whatcott's right to make those statements, and adopted many of Mr. Whatcott's statements in its submissions to the Tribunal.

 Citizens for Foreign Aid Reform
 List of white nationalist organizations


The British Motor Museum in Warwickshire, England, holds the World's largest collection of historic British cars.
There are over 300 classic cars on display from the British Motor Industry Heritage Trust and the Jaguar Heritage Trust.
The collection, now cared for by the British Motor Industry Heritage Trust, was developed in the 1970s when a new division of the British Leyland Motor Corporation (BLMC) was formed to preserve and manage the company's collection of historic vehicles.
In 1979, the company became BL Heritage Limited, adopting a new headquarters at Studley, Warwickshire.
Two years later, a museum was opened at the London Transport Museum's former home of Syon Park, west of London, where some 100 vehicles from the collection were put on display.
During the early 1980s, closer ties were made with other British motor manufacturers.
In 1983, the collection was granted charitable status, and became the British Motor Industry Heritage Trust, and although there were now several manufacturers involved, the collection still carried a large bias towards the former British Leyland companies.
Austin-Rover continued as the primary backer of the Trust, and gradually the other companies withdrew their support.
Meanwhile, the collection continued to grow.
In the late 1980s, it became evident that larger premises would be required as the collection developed.
Several new sites were considered for a purpose built museum.
The present location was chosen, on the site of the former RAF Gaydon airfield in South Warwickshire, which was home to the Rover Group's design, technology and testing ground.
Plans were drawn up and construction began in 1991 for the new Heritage Motor Centre.
Set in  of grounds, the centre brought together all of the Trust's operations for the first time, providing exhibition and storage space for the collection of over 250 vehicles and archive of over 2 million photographs, business records, brochures and drawings.
The site also includes conference facilities.
When Rover Group was taken over by BMW in 1994, the British Motor Museum came under their ownership.
Six years later, BMW sold the Rover Group, which meant that the Centre changed hands yet again, this time under the ownership of the Ford Motor Company.
This latest change of ownership means that the Trust now had the opportunity to expand its collection to include all of the companies that have formed part of Britain's motor manufacturing history.

In November 2015 the Heritage Motor Centre closed for a £1.1 million refurbishment, and reopened on 13 February 2016 under the new name of British Motor Museum.
This is not an exhaustive list — a complete list is provided on the centre's website.
Due to space limitations, not all cars are exhibited at all times.
The very first Land Rover (1948)
The first and last production models of the Land Rover Freelander
Various Land Rover, Range Rover, and Rover P5 vehicles used by the British Royal Family and senior politicians
Prototype Land Rover 101 Recovery Truck
Shaun the Sheep Land Rover Defender
Land Rover Series 2 track wheeled off road vehicle
Rare Land Rover Llama lorry
The millionth Land Rover Discovery 4
The first and last production models of the Rover 75
The Metro 1.3 HLS as shown at the 1980 Motor Show
Various MG Speed Record cars
The first Mini produced: 621 AOK
The last Rover Mini Cooper produced (2000)
The Minis that won the Monte Carlo Rally during the 1960s
Various Mini based prototypes, such as the Minissima
FAB1 from the Thunderbirds film
An Ascari KZ1 show car from 2000
The last Aston Martin DB7
 The last production Austin Montego
Ford Escort Mark I as used in the 1970 London to Mexico World Cup Rally
Jaguar R1 Formula One racecar from 2000
The British Motor Museum offers a research and registry service for several British car marques.
The Archive houses authentic historical records by many of the major car manufacturers, including a range of original factory ledgers which record the details of individual vehicles as they came off the production line.
For a small fee, owners may send in their Vehicle Identification Number (VIN - aka chassis number) and/or engine numbers, and they will research the original production records for that vehicle and send back whatever information on the vehicle is available.
This is a 'Certified Copy of a Factory Record' or more commonly known as a Heritage Certificate.

This can be useful when applying for tax exemption or to obtain an age-related Registration Mark.


World Art Nouveau Day (WAND) is an event dedicated to art nouveau that is celebrated annually on 10 June.
The first World Art Nouveau Day in 2013 was organized by The Museum of Applied Arts (Budapest) (IMM) in cooperation with Szecessziós Magazin (a Hungarian Magazine about Art Nouveau).
The selected date – 10 June – is the anniversary of the death of two famous architects of the movement, Antoni Gaudí and Ödön Lechner.
Activities like those organised on World Art Nouveau Day aim to create more awareness of Art Nouveau heritage among the public.
The two biggest organisations in Europe coordinating the World Art Nouveau Day activities are the Art Nouveau European Route in Barcelona, and the Réseau Art Nouveau Network (RANN) in Brussels.
In 2019 the event was supported by European Heritage Alliance.


Alyse Black is an American singer and songwriter.
Black's music is described as indie pop with jazz influences, in the vein of artists such as Fiona Apple, Regina Spektor and Norah Jones.
Her song "Stood for Stand for", which was featured on Black's debut album Too Much & Too Lovely, won Billboard's 2007 World Song Contest in the Jazz category.
Black was born in Seattle, Washington, the youngest of three daughters.
According to her website, she initially had an interest in pursuing a career as a singer-songwriter, but instead studied business, communications, and international studies at the University of Washington, where she graduated in 2004.
After working in the corporate world, she returned to her original interest, releasing her debut album Too Much & Too Lovely at the end of 2007.
In 2012, Black began working on a new project, a collection of original and classic lullabies with the band 'Night Sweet Pea; to finance the album's production, the band launched a successful campaign on Kickstarter.
The album, A Little Line of Kisses, was released to critical acclaim in December 2012.
Her song Super Hero was featured on the 2012 film Let's Make a Movie.
In 2014, she recorded three love song covers with producer Mark Hallman (Carole King, Eliza Gilkyson, Ani Difranco), which was released in early 2015.
The album was titled You Belong To Me (1952 song) after the old pop ballad on the record.
The record also contains a cover of Brandi Carlile's "The Story" and Beth Nielsen Chapman's "Seven Shades of Blue."
In early 2015, Alyse began recording her third full-length studio record with producer, Eric Rosse (Sara Bareilles, Tori Amos, Maroon 5, Birdy (singer), Gavin DeGraw, A Fine Frenzy, Landon Pigg, Anna Nalick, Mary Lambert (singer)), in Hollywood.
That album was fan-funded on Kickstarter as well, raising $31,276.
During this time, Alyse also garnered an endorsement with Fishman Amps.
The self-titled record was released on January 24, 2017.
Alyse is also a licensed real estate agent with Keller-Williams Realty.

Black's influences  include Nina Simone, Tori Amos, Billie Holiday, Norah Jones, Fiona Apple, Eva Cassidy, Sarah McLachlan, Ani Difranco, Portishead, Björk, Tom Waits, Edith Piaf, Jude, Mazzy Star, Cranberries, Poe, Sarah Vaughan, The Beatles, Led Zeppelin.
1st Place, Jazz, Billboard's Annual World Song Contest, 2007
1st Place, Jazz, and Finalist, Adult Contemporary, Independent Singer-Songwriter Awards, 2008
2007 Too Much & Too Lovely
2012 A Little Line of Kisses (with band: 'Night, Sweet Pea)
2015 You Belong To Me (EP)
2011 The Triple Door Sessions LIVE


Martin Delaney may refer to:
 Martin Delaney (activist) (1945–2009), HIV/AIDS treatment advocate
 Martin Delaney (actor), British actor
 Martin Delany (1812–1885), African-American abolitionist


Leonardo Vinicius Pereira Luiz (born June 5, 1987 in Rio de Janeiro), known as Leonardo Luiz, is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played as defender for Artsul.


Dallas Bay Skypark  is a public-use airport located 11 miles (18 km) north of the central business district of Chattanooga and 4 miles southwest of the central business district of Lakesite (both cities in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States.)
It is located in the community of Middle Valley with a Hixson, Tennessee mailing address.
.
Dallas Bay Skypark began life as the Optimist Club Drag Strip back in the late 50s and survived until the early 60s.
The dragstrip was moved to East Ridge and John Flewellen and his family bought the old dragstrip and turned it into a private runway.
In the early 1970s the airstrip became an FAA-certified public airport with the designation 1A0.
In 2002, a group of investors, all with a passion for flying, bought Dallas Bay Skypark and have been running it ever since.
The airport is still a full-service public airport with a flight school on premises.
Dallas Bay Skypark covers an area of  which contains one asphalt paved runway (5/23) measuring 3,025 x 50 ft (922 x 15 m).
For the 12-month period ending May 4, 1998, the airport had 10,108 aircraft operations, 100% of which were general aviation.


Jason McEndoo (born February 25, 1975) is an American football coach and former center in the National Football League for the Seattle Seahawks.
He is currently the tight ends and Cowboy Backs coach for Oklahoma State.
He played college football at Washington State University in Pullman and was a member of the 1997 team which went to the Rose Bowl.
Born in San Diego, California, McEndoo played high school football in southwest Washington at  Aberdeen.
Selected in the seventh round of the 1998 NFL Draft, McEndoo played one game for Seattle in his rookie season in 1998; he was released the following summer on September 5, 1999.
Married for less than a month in 1996, McEndoo and his wife Michelle were passengers in a rollover accident in which she was killed.
The vehicle was driven by teammate Ryan McShane, who apparently fell asleep.
The three were returning to Pullman after attending a teammate's wedding in Tacoma, and occurred on Interstate 90, near Ellensburg.


Anne Herbert, Countess of Pembroke, Baroness Herbert of Cardiff (15 June 1515 – 20 February 1552) was lady-in-waiting to each of Henry VIII of England's six wives.
She was the younger sister of his sixth wife, Catherine Parr.
Anne was born on 15 June 1515 to Sir Thomas Parr and Maud Green.
She was the youngest surviving child of five, having an older sister Catherine and brother William Parr, 1st Marquess of Northampton.
In 1517, when she was two years old, her father died of the sweating sickness leaving her mother a widow at twenty-five, pregnant, and with the grave responsibility of guarding the inheritance of the Parr children.
Maud Green was a lady-in-waiting and confidant to Catherine of Aragon.
She was also head of the Royal school at court where Anne was educated alongside her sister Catherine and other daughters of the nobility.
They were taught by the brilliant Humanist scholar Joan Lluís Vives who was the principal tutor at the Royal school.
Anne would have been taught French, Latin, philosophy, theology, and the Classics.
Maud Green had already taught her children to read and write when they were small.
Anne herself later said that her education at home was based on the approach used in the family of Sir Thomas More where boys and girls were educated together; as was the case with the Parrs until her brother left home in 1525 to join the household of Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset.
Sometime in 1528, Maud Green secured her 13-year-old daughter, Anne, a post at Court as maid-of-honour to Queen Catherine of Aragon.
Anne was then made a ward of King Henry.
When Anne Boleyn was crowned queen in 1533, Anne Parr continued in the same capacity as maid-of-honour.
She quickly succumbed to the spell of Queen Anne's charismatic personality and following the Queen's example, she became an ardent supporter of the New Faith.
After Anne Boleyn's fall from power and subsequent execution, Anne remained at Court in the service of the new queen, Jane Seymour.

She was one of the few present at the baptism of Prince Edward on 15 October 1537 and was part of the funeral cortege of Jane Seymour.
When King Henry took as his fourth wife Anne of Cleves, Anne returned to her role as maid-of-honour, which she remained in when Queen Anne was supplanted by Catherine Howard.
Following Queen Catherine's arrest for adultery, Anne Parr was entrusted with the Queen's jewels.
In February 1538, Anne married Sir William Herbert, Esquire of the King's Body.
Herbert was the son of Sir Richard Herbert, the illegitimate son of William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke.
It is likely that Anne met her husband at court.
It is not known whether or not the marriage was a love match, but both Anne and her sister Catherine had been attracted to dashing men of action who were slightly disreputable.
The Herberts, due to King Henry's newly found infatuation for Catherine, appeared to be in the King's favour, as for the next few years Anne and her husband received a succession of Royal grants which included the Abbey of Wilton in Wiltshire (pulled down and built over for Wilton House in the 1540s), Remesbury (north Wiltshire), and Cardiff Castle.
They also used Baynard's Castle as their London residence.
Anne had three children by her husband: Henry, who succeeded his father; Edward Herbert; and Anne Herbert.
For the birth of her second son, Anne's sister loaned her the manor of Hanworth in Middlesex for her lying in.
After the birth, Anne visited Lady Hertford, who had also just given birth, at Syon House near Richmond.
In August, the queen sent a barge to bring Anne by river from Syon back to Westminster.
Anne Parr was a witness to the wedding ceremony performed at Hampton Court Palace on 12 July 1543, when King Henry married her sister Catherine.
In September 1544, William Herbert was knighted on the battlefield at the Siege of Boulogne during the King's campaign against the French.

Anne was also part of the clique of Protestants who surrounded the new Queen.
In 1546, fellow Protestant Anne Askew was arrested for heresy.
Those who opposed the Queen tried to gain a confession from Askew that the Queen, her sister, and the other women were Protestants.
Queen Catherine and some of her closest friends had previously shown favour to the arrested woman.
Stephen Gardiner, Bishop of Winchester; Thomas Wriothesley; and Richard Rich were involved in torturing Anne Askew and interrogating her about her connections to the ladies at court who were suspected to be Protestants, in particular: Anne Parr; the Queen; Katherine Willoughby; Anne Stanhope; and Anne Calthorpe, Countess of Sussex.
Gardiner and Wriothesley obtained the King’s permission to arrest and question the Queen about her religious beliefs.
Catherine visited the King in his bedchamber and adroitly managed to persuade the King that her interest in the new religion had been undertaken solely as a means to provide stimulating conversation to distract the King from the pain caused by his ulcerous leg.
Henry was appeased, and before the arrests were due to take place, he was reconciled to Catherine.
On 28 January 1547, the King died.
After Henry VIII's death, when the queen dowager's household was at Chelsea, both Anne and her son Edward were part of the household there.
Her husband, William Herbert was appointed as one of the guardians to the new king, Edward VI.
Catherine shortly afterward married Thomas Seymour, Lord Sudeley, Lord High Admiral of England, who was an uncle of King Edward.
In September 1548, following the birth of a daughter, Mary Seymour, Catherine Parr died of puerperal fever.
On 10 October 1551, Anne's husband was raised to the peerage as Baron Herbert of Cardiff and on 11 October 1551 was created Earl of Pembroke.
In 1553 he received the disgraced Duke of Somerset's Wiltshire estates, including Ramsbury and a newly built mansion at Bedwin Broil, as well as extensive woodland on the borders of the New Forest.
The Herberts had been friends of Somerset until he fell from favour.

The Wardour property subsequently reverted to the Arundell family by exchange and purchase, but Pembroke's increase of wealth exceeded that of any of his colleagues.
Anne died on 20 February 1552.
At the time of her death, she was one of the ladies of the Lady Mary, the future Queen Mary I. William married as his second wife, Anne Talbot, but the marriage produced no children.
Through her sons, Anne has many descendants, including the present-day Earls of Pembroke, Montgomery, and Carnarvon.
Anne was buried on 28 February 1552 in the Old St Paul's Cathedral in the City of London, next to her ancestor John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster.
Her husband died on 17 March 1570 and by his wish was also buried in St Paul's.
Anne's memorial there described her in Latin as "a most faithful wife, a woman of the greatest piety and discretion".
Anne Parr and William Herbert had three children:
 Henry Herbert, 2nd Earl of Pembroke (c. 1539–1601).
On 21 May 1553, married Catherine Grey.
The marriage was annulled in 1554.
His second wife was Catherine Talbot, daughter of George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury.
His third wife was Mary Sidney by whom he had children, including William and Philip, both of whom would accede to the Earldom of Pembroke.
 Sir Edward Herbert (1547–1595), married Mary Stanley, by whom he had issue including William Herbert, 1st Baron Powis.
 Lady Anne Herbert (1550–1592), married Francis, Lord Talbot, son of George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury.
There is no known issue from this marriage.
Depictions in television and film
 Anne Parr (Lady Herbert) was depicted by Irish actress, Suzy Lawlor in the fourth and final season of The Tudors.



, officially the ,  is a   in the province of , .
According to the , it has a population of  people.
Formerly known as Cabuntog, it is home to annual international and national surfing competitions because of the Cloud 9 waves.
As a result, the town has the reputation as the "Surfing Capital of the Philippines."
General Luna is located  east of Dapa and about  from Surigao City.
The islands of Anahawan, Daku, and La Januza are within the municipality's jurisdiction.
The area is protected within the  Siargao Islands Protected Landscapes and Seascapes (SIPLAS) under Republic Act 7586 (NIPAS Act).
General Luna is politically subdivided into 19 barangays, fifteen (15) of which are located on Siargao Island while four (4) are on the other outer islands.
List of renamed cities and municipalities in the Philippines


NGC 319 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Phoenix.
It was first discovered on September 5, 1834 by John Herschel.


The Wasps () is the fourth in chronological order of the eleven surviving plays by Aristophanes, the master of an ancient genre of drama called 'Old Comedy'.
It was produced at the Lenaia festival in 422 BC, a time when Athens was enjoying a brief respite from the Peloponnesian War following a one-year truce with Sparta.
As in his other early plays, Aristophanes satirizes the demagogue Cleon, but in The Wasps he also ridicules one of the Athenian institutions that provided Cleon with his power base: the law courts.
The play has been thought to exemplify the conventions of Old Comedy better than any other play, and it has been considered to be one of the world's greatest comedies.
The play begins with a strange scene—a large net has been spread over a house, the entry is barricaded and two slaves, Xanthias and Sosias, are sleeping in the street outside.
A third man is positioned at the top of an exterior wall with a view into the inner courtyard but he too is asleep.
The two slaves wake and we learn from their banter that they are keeping guard over a "monster."
The man asleep above them is their master and the monster is his father—he has an unusual disease.
Xanthias and Sosias challenge the audience to guess the nature of the disease.
Addictions to gambling, drink and good times are suggested but they are all wrong—the father is addicted to the law court: he is a phileliastes () or a "trialophile."
The man's name is Philocleon (which suggests that he might be addicted to Cleon), and his son's name is the very opposite of this—Bdelycleon.
The symptoms of the old man's addiction include irregular sleep, obsessional thinking, paranoia, poor hygiene and hoarding.
Counselling, medical treatment and travel have all failed to solve the problem, and now his son has turned the house into a prison to keep the old man away from the law courts.
Bdelycleon wakes and he shouts to the two slaves to be on their guard—his father is moving about.
He tells them to watch the drains, for the old man can move like a mouse, but Philocleon surprises them all by emerging instead from the chimney disguised as smoke.

Other attempts at escape are also barely defeated.
The household settles down for some more sleep and then the Chorus arrives—old jurors who move warily through the muddy roads and are escorted by boys with lamps through the dark.
Learning of their old comrade's imprisonment, they leap to his defense and swarm around Bdelycleon and his slaves like wasps.
At the end of this fray, Philocleon is still barely in his son's custody and both sides are willing to settle the issue peacefully through debate.
The debate between the Philocleon and Bdelycleon focuses on the advantages that the old man personally derives from voluntary jury service.
Philocleon says he enjoys the flattering attentions of rich and powerful men who appeal to him for a favourable verdict, he enjoys the freedom to interpret the law as he pleases since his decisions are not subject to review, and his juror's pay gives him independence and authority within his own household.
Bdelycleon responds to these points with the argument that jurors are in fact subject to the demands of petty officials and they get paid less than they deserve—revenues from the empire go mostly into the private treasuries of men like Cleon.
These arguments have a paralysing effect on Philocleon.
The chorus is won over.
Philocleon refuses to give up his old ways, so Bdelycleon offers to turn the house into a courtroom and to pay him a juror's fee to judge domestic disputes.
Philocleon agrees, and a case is soon brought before him—a dispute between the household dogs.
One dog (who looks like Cleon) accuses the other dog (who looks like Laches) of stealing a Sicilian cheese and not sharing it.
Witnesses for the defense include a bowl, a pestle, a cheese-grater, a brazier and a pot.
As these are unable to speak, Bdelycleon says a few words for them on behalf of the accused.
A group of puppies (the children of the accused) is ushered in to soften the heart of the old juror with their plaintive cries.
Philocleon is not softened, but his son easily fools him into putting his vote into the urn for acquittal.

While the actors are offstage, the Chorus addresses the audience in a conventional parabasis.
It praises the author for standing up to monsters like Cleon and it chastises the audience for its failure to appreciate the merits of the author's previous play (The Clouds).
It praises the older generation, evokes memories of the victory at Marathon, and bitterly deplores the gobbling up of imperial revenues by unworthy men.
Father and son then return to the stage, now arguing with each other over the old man's choice of attire.
He is addicted to his old juryman's cloak and his old shoes and he is suspicious of the fancy woollen garment and the fashionable Spartan footwear that Bdelycleon wants him to wear that evening to a sophisticated dinner party.
The fancy clothes are forced upon him, and he is instructed in the kind of manners and conversation that the other guests will expect of him.
At the party, Philocleon declares his reluctance to drink any wine—it causes trouble, he says—but Bdelycleon assures him that sophisticated men of the world can easily talk their way out of trouble, and so they depart optimistically for the evening's entertainment.
There is then a second parabasis (see Note at end of this section), in which the Chorus touches briefly on a conflict between Cleon and the author, after which a household slave arrives with news for the audience about the old man's appalling behaviour at the dinner party: Philocleon has got himself abusively drunk, he has insulted all his son's fashionable friends, and now he is assaulting anyone he meets on the way home.
The slave departs as Philocleon arrives, now with aggrieved victims on his heels and a pretty flute girl on his arm.
Bdelycleon appears moments later and angrily remonstrates with his father for kidnapping the flute girl from the party.
Philocleon pretends that she is in fact a torch.
His son isn't fooled and he tries to take the girl back to the party by force but his father knocks him down.
Other people with grievances against Philocleon continue to arrive, demanding compensation and threatening legal action.

Finally, his alarmed son drags him indoors.
The Chorus sings briefly about how difficult it is for men to change their habits and it commends the son for filial devotion, after which the entire cast returns to the stage for some spirited dancing by Philocleon in a contest with the sons of Carcinus.
Note: Some editors (such as Barrett) exchange the second parabasis (lines 1265–91) with the song (lines 1450–73) in which Bdelycleon is commended for filial devotion.
Cleon and the Athenian jury system
About two years before the performance of The Wasps, Athens had obtained a significant victory against its rival, Sparta, in the Battle of Sphacteria.
Rightly or wrongly, most Athenians credited Cleon with this victory, and he was then at the height of his power.
Constitutionally, supreme power lay with the People as voters in the assembly and as jurors in the courts, but they could be manipulated by demagogues skilled in oratory and supported by networks of satellites and informers.
Cleon had succeeded Pericles as the dominant speaker in the assembly, and increasingly he could manipulate the courts for political and personal ends, especially in the prosecution of public officials for mismanagement of their duties.
Jurors had to be citizens over the age of thirty and a corps of 6000 was enrolled at the beginning of each year, forming a conspicuous presence about town in their short brown cloaks, with wooden staves in their hands.
The work was voluntary but time-consuming and they were paid a small fee: three obols per day at the time of The Wasps.
For many jurors, this was their major source of income and it was virtually an old-age pension.
There were no judges to provide juries with legal guidance, and there was no legal appeal against a jury's verdict.
Jurors came under the sway of litigious politicians like Cleon who provided them with cases to try and who were influential in persuading the Assembly to keep up their pay.
However it is not necessarily true that Cleon was exploiting the system for venal or corrupt reasons, as argued in The Wasps.

Misunderstandings were inevitable.
Cleon had previously attempted to prosecute Aristophanes for slandering the polis with his second play The Babylonians, and though the legal result of these efforts is unknown, they appear to have sharpened the poet's satirical edge, as evidenced later in the unrelenting attack on Cleon in The Knights.
The second parabasis in The Wasps implies that Cleon retaliated for his drubbing in The Knights with yet further efforts to intimidate or prosecute Aristophanes, and the poet may have publicly yielded to this pressure for a short time.
Whatever agreement was reached with Cleon, Aristophanes gleefully reneged on it in The Wasps, presenting Cleon as a treacherous dog manipulating a corrupted legal process for personal gain.
Some events that influenced The Wasps
431: The Peloponnesian War commenced.
426: Aristophanes won first prize at the City Dionysia with his second play, The Babylonians (now lost), and he was subsequently prosecuted by Cleon for being the author of slanders against the polis.
425: Athens obtained a significant victory against Sparta in the Battle of Sphacteria and Cleon successfully claimed responsibility for it.
424: Aristophanes won first prize at the Lenaia with The Knights in which he lampooned Cleon mercilessly.
423: Athens and Sparta agreed to a one-year truce.
Aristophanes' play The Clouds came third (i.e.
last).
422: The Wasps was performed at the Lenaia, winning second place.
Places and people mentioned in The Wasps
According to a character in Plutarch's Dinner-table Discussion, (written some 500 years after The Wasps was produced), Old Comedy needs commentators to explain its abstruse references, in the same way that a banquet needs wine waiters.
Here is the wine list for The Wasps as supplied by modern scholars.
Megara: a neighbour and historically a rival to Athens, it is mentioned in line 57 as the reputed origin of comic drama.

Asclepieia: Temples dedicated to the god of healing, the one mentioned in line 123 was located near Athens on the island of Aegina.
Delphi: One of the most sacred sites in Greece, it is said by Philocleon in line 159 to be the source of a fearful prophecy concerning himself.
Scione: A city on the promontory of Chalcidice, it revolted against Athenian rule two days after the Athenian truce with Sparta and it was now under siege; this was the only fighting Athenians were engaged in at that time.
Bdelycleon says in line 210 that he would rather serve there than guard his father.
Byzantium: Originally captured from Persian forces by the Greeks in 478 BC, and subsequently taken from the control of Pausanias by the Athenians in 476, a garrison had been stationed there ever since its revolt from Athenian rule in 440-439.
The Chorus of old jurors mention it in line 236 while reminiscing about their time as soldiers there.
Samos: An island that had revolted from Athenian rule in 440 BC, it is mentioned in line 238 in reference to a Samian (possibly a man named Carystion) who had betrayed his own polis out of his reputed love for Athens and who had recently been acquitted of some charge.
Thrace: A region of strategic significance in the Peloponnesian War, the Chorus mentions it in line 288 in relation to the impending trial of one of the 'traitors' there (possibly a reference to Thucydides, who had been prosecuted by Cleon the previous year after the Athenian defeat at Amphipolis.
Naxos: Subjugated by the Athenians around 470 BC, the Chorus mentions it in line 355 while recalling a soldier's prank perpetrated there by Philocleon.
Pontus and Sardinia: Mentioned in line 700 by Bdelycleon as the eastern and western limits of the Athenian empire.

Euboia Settled by Athenians through a cleruchy, it was a key source of grain and is mentioned in line 715 by Bdelycleon as a synonym for vote-buying.
Sicily: The island was famous for its cheeses and its mention in line 838 helps to identify the cheese-stealing dog Labes as a comic representation of the Athenian general Laches, who led an Athenian force there in 427 BC.
Kudathenaion and Zixone: Respectively the deme of Cylon in Athens and the accusing dog, and the deme of Laches and the accused dog (on the coast about eight miles south of Athens) – both demes are mentioned in line 895.
Thymaitadoi: A village near the Piraeus, it was a source of rough cloaks that the unsophisticated Philocleon is unable to distinguish from the expensive cloaks worn in Sardis and woven in Ecbatana (common destinations for Athenian diplomats), as stated in lines 1138–43.
Paros: An island that Philocleon once visited for two obols a day (i.e.
as a rower in the Athenian navy) – which was as close to becoming a diplomat as he ever got (line 1189).
Poets and other artists
Euripides: Frequently a target of Aristophanes' plays, the tragic poet is mentioned in line 61 as the butt of tired old jokes that are made by other comic poets.
There are also mock-heroic references to his plays Bellerophon, Cretan Women and Ino in lines 757, 763, 1414.
Ecphantides: A comic poet of a previous generation known for his obscurity, he is referred to in line 151 by his nickname Capnias (Smokey).
Phrynichus: A celebrated tragic poet of an earlier generation, he is mentioned favourably several times by Philocleon and the jurors in lines 220, 269, 1490, 1524.

The tragic poet is mentioned in three other plays.
Pindar: The great lyric poet of Boeotia is not mentioned here by name but one of his famous verses is absurdly quoted out of context in line 308
Philocles: A tragic poet (who won first prize when Sophocles competed with Oedipus Rex), yet satirized by comic poets for a harsh style, he is said in line 462 to have an embittering influence on old men.
He is mentioned again in Thesmophoriazusae and The Birds.
Aesop: Then, as now, a source of instructive fables, he receives four mentions in lines 566, 1259, 1401, 1446 and he is later mentioned in two other plays.
Oiagros: A tragic actor, he is said in line 579 to have been acquitted in a trial after reciting verses from a play titled Niobe.
Niobe was possibly a play by Sophocles that was performed shortly before Wasps.
Alternatively Niobe was a play by Aeschylus, mentioned again later in The Frogs.
Acestor Sacas: A tragic poet of foreign birth and a frequent target of comic poets, he is mentioned in line 1221 as the father of one of Cleon's circle.
He is mentioned also in The Birds.
Alcaeus: The great lyric poet of Mytilene, he is not mentioned by name but he is the author of some well-known verses that Philocleon adapts to a scolion directed against Cleon in lines 1232–35.
Ariphrades: Possibly a comic dramatist and a student of Anaxagoras, he is mocked in this play in line 1280 and in other plays for sexual eccentricities.
His musician brother, Arignotus, is mentioned with him but not by name in The Wasps.
Sthenelus: A tragic poet, whose verse was later considered by Aristotle to be lucid but undignified, he is mentioned in line 1313 as the epitome of a man who is lacking something.

Simonides: The famous lyric poet from Ceos, he is said by Philocles to have been the man to whom the above statement was addressed.
He is mentioned in three other plays.
Thespis: According to Athenian tradition, he was the first dramatist to write for an actor separate from the Chorus.
He is mentioned in line 1479 as typical of Philocleon's old-fashioned tastes.
Carcinus: An Athenian general in 431, he was also a dramatist and a dancer.
He is mentioned with his sons here in line 1501 and in other plays.
His sons (or dancers masquerading as his sons) danced in the exodos in this play in competition with Philocleon.
Their performance is mocked by Philocleon and it is even mocked by the Chorus of a later play (Peace lines 781-6).
One son, Xenocles, was a tragedian who later defeated Euripides at the City Dionysia in 415 but his abilities as a dramatist are ridiculed by Aristophanes in Thesmophoriazusae and The Frogs.
Athenian politicians and generals
Cleon: The populist leader of the pro-war faction in Athens, he is the arch-villain in all of Aristophanes' early plays.
We are assured in lines 62-3 that Aristophanes won't make mincemeat of him again but promises mean nothing in a comedy and he receives more treatment in lines 197, 242, 409, 596, 759, 1220, 1224, 1237, 1285 as well as numerous indirect mentions, notably as an untrustworthy dog.
Theorus: An associate of Cleon, he is presented in lines 42, 47, 418, 599, 1220, 1236 as an ignoble flatterer.
He is a target also in earlier plays.

He was mentioned earlier in The Acharnians as the son of Cleinias and he is mentioned later in The Frogs.
Amynias: A general this year (423/2), he was satirized by comic dramatists as effeminate and pretentious.
Here he is mocked for gambling habits, long hair () and his role in a diplomatic mission to Thessaly in lines 74, 466, 1267.
He is mentioned also in The Clouds.
Nicostratus: Possibly the son of Dieitrephes and a skilful general mentioned by Thucydides, he is said in line 81 to call out from the audience about Philocleon's disease, identifying it as a form of 'hospitality'.
Laches: A general who had led a small Athenian force to Sicily in 427 and who had proposed the one-year truce in 423, he is mentioned in line 240 and he appears as the good watchdog accused of stealing a Sicilian cheese, suggesting that Cleon was in fact intending to prosecute him for corruption.
Thucydides: The political rival of Pericles, he is mentioned in line 947 and earlier in The Acharnians in relation to a trial in which slick lawyers took full advantage of his old age.
Hyperbolus: A populist and eventually Cleon's successor, he is named in line 1007 as an example of someone who cynically manipulates juries.
He receives numerous mentions in other plays.
Theogenes: A prominent politician often satirized by comic poets as a fat, greedy braggart, he is quoted in line 1183 as somebody who abuses dung-collectors .
He is also  mentioned in later plays.
Androcles: Another populist, often satirized in Old Comedy as poor and immoral, he was later influential in exiling Alcibiades.
He is mentioned ironically in line 1187  as an example of the kind of man who represents Athens on sacred, diplomatic missions.

Phrynichus: A politician and later a leader of the oligarchy of The Four Hundred, he is a central figure at the sophisticated dinner party attended by Antiphon, Theophrastos, Lykon, Lysistratus, Bdelycleon, Philocleon et al., as stated in line 1302.
Lycon: A little-known politician who later assisted in the prosecution of Socrates and whose wife Rhodia was often a target of comic poets (as for example in Lysistrata), he is named here merely as another dinner guest with Phrynichus.
Cleonymus: An associate of Cleon and frequently a target in other plays, he is mentioned in lines 19, 592, 822 as the figment of a slave's dream, as a flattering patron of jurors and as the image of the image of the image of the hero Lycus, and each mention is in relation to a notorious incident in which he threw away his shield.
Sosias: Unknown otherwise, he is mentioned in line 78 as a well-known tippler.
However this could simply be the name of a character in the play accidentally transposed into the dialogue by an ancient scribe).
Philoxenus: A notoriously effete catamite, he becomes the source of a misunderstanding in line 84 because his name is a pun for 'hospitable'.
Pyrilampes: Plato's stepfather and a prominent personality in Periclean Athens, he is mentioned in line 98 as the father of Demus, a handsome young man whose name appears around Athens in amorous graffiti.
Dracontides: He is named in line 157 as somebody awaiting trial and because his name is a pun for 'serpent'.
Modern scholars have various theories about his identity and speculation has even been used to date a treaty between Athens and Chalcis.
Proxenides: Philocleon would rather be Proxenides or smoke or the victim of a thunderbolt than be imprisoned at home any longer, as asserted in line 325.
He is mentioned as a braggart in The Birds.

Aischines: He is mentioned as an associate of Cleon, a synonym for smoke and a braggart in lines 459, 1220, 1242.
He is mentioned also in The Birds.
Euathlus: An associate of Cleon and a prosecutor of the aged Thucydides (for which he was mentioned in The Acharnians), he is said by Philocleon in line 592 to be a patron of jurors.
Other less well-known prosecutors (Smicythion, Teisiades, Chremon ('Needy'), Pheredeipnus ('Waiter') and the son of Chaireas) are named in lines 401, 687.
Eucharides: A greengrocer immortalized with a brief mention in line 680.
Lysistratus: A high-society man-about-town who participated in the mutilation of the hermai in 415, he is mentioned in lines 787 and 1302 as a practical joker who passes off fish scales as coins and who also happens to be a sophisticated dinner guest.
He receives mentions also in other plays.
Cynna: A prostitute, her flashing eyes are said to be evocative of Cleon in line 1032.
Morychus: A notorious gourmand who was possibly also a tragic poet, he is named in lines 506 and 1142 as emblematic of a pampered life and because his soldier's kit resembles a Persian gown.
He is mentioned also in two other plays.
Cleisthenes: A byword for effeminacy, he is frequently a target for jokes in other plays and appears as a character in Thesmophoriazusae.
He is mentioned ironically in line 1187 as another dignitary sent by Athens on a sacred diplomatic mission.
Leogoras: The father of the orator Andocides, he was lampooned by comic poets for his wealth and his luxurious lifestyle.
He is mentioned in line 1269 as someone whose dinners are a benchmark of culinary opulence.

He receives mentions also in two other surviving plays.
Pittalus: A doctor who is mentioned also in Acharnians, he is recommended by Philocleon in line 1432 to one of the victims of his own drunken outrages.
Religious and historical identities
Korybantes: Associated with ecstatic dancing in the worship of the Phrygian goddess Cybele, they are referred to in lines 8 and 119 as examples of manic behaviour.
They are mentioned also in later plays.
Sabazius: Another Phrygian divinity associated with manic behaviour, mentioned here in line 9 and also in later plays.
Heracles: A hero in myth, he is a stock joke for gluttony in comedy.
He is mentioned in that capacity here in line 60 and he even appears as a gluttonous buffoon in two later plays, The Birds and The Frogs.
Odysseus: A hero in myth, he is a proverb for cunning subterfuge, as indicated in lines 181 and 351.
Dictynna: Originally a Cretan goddess of hunting, associated with Mount Dicte, she is evoked by Philocleon in line 368 as he chews on a net (dictuon), possibly as a pun though she was in fact identified with Artemis, the goddess of hunting nets.
Diopeithes: A religious zealot who once proposed a decree for the impeachment of atheists and astronomers, his name appears in line 380 as an ironic synonym for Zeus.
He receives mentions also in two other plays.
Lycus: An Athenian hero, possibly the son of Pandion, he is mentioned in lines 389 and 819 because his shrine is adjacent to the court named after him.
Cecrops: The mythical first king of Athens, he is invoked by Philocleon in line 438 as his defender against his son's slaves because they are foreigners.
He is mentioned also in two other surviving plays.
Hippias: A byword in Athens for tyranny, he is mentioned in that capacity here in line 502 and also in other plays.

Harmodius: A famous tyrannicide, he was a favourite theme for scolia, as here in line 1225.
He is named also in three other surviving plays.
Admetus: A legendary Thessalian king and the husband of Alcestis, he was the subject of a popular scolion, as in line 1238.
Brasidas: The leading Spartan general of the time, he is mentioned by the Chorus in line 475 as one of Bdelycleon's associates.
Ephoudion: an athlete from Arcadia and a victor at the Olympics in 464 BC, he is said to have performed well in a recent contest against a much younger opponent, Ascondas, as mentioned in lines 1191 and 1383.
Phaullus: A famous athlete who once commanded the only Italian ship at the Battle of Salamis in 480 BC, he is said by Philocles in lines 1206-7 to have lost to him in court on a charge of abusive language.
Penestes: Thessalian serfs, they are the benchmark of poverty, as indicated in line 1273.
Some scholars regard The Wasps as one of the greatest comedies in literature.
Various factors contribute to its appeal, as for example:
The central figure, Philocleon, is a 'triumph of characterization';
The jurors have been considered the most vividly realized Chorus in Old Comedy;
The juror's son has been viewed as the most lifelike child in Greek drama.
Philocleon is a complex character whose actions have comic significance, psychological significance and allegorical significance.
When, for example, he strikes his son for taking the dancing girl away, the violence is comic because it is unexpected of an old man yet it is psychologically appropriate because he is struggling to overcome an addiction and it represents in allegorical form the theme expressed by the Chorus in the parabasis: the old customs are better and more manly than the new fashions.

The Chorus leader's boy takes full advantage of the situation, threatening to abandon his elderly father if he won't buy him some figs.
The debilitating effects of old age and the dehumanizing effects of an addiction (Philocleon is said to resemble a jackdaw, a mouse, a limpet, smoke, a donkey's foal, a cut of meat, Odysseus and Nobody) are somber themes that lift the action beyond the scope of a mere farce.
The Wasps and Old Comedy
The Wasps has been thought to exemplify all the conventions of Old Comedy at their best – structural elements that are common to most of Aristophanes' plays are all found in this play in a complete and readily identifiable form.
The table below is based on one scholar's interpretation of the play's structural elements and the poetic meters associated with them.
 In 1909, the English composer Ralph Vaughan Williams created popular incidental music for the play – see The Wasps (Vaughan Williams).
 William James Hickie, 1853 – prose, full text
 Benjamin B. Rogers, 1924 – verse
 Arthur S. Way, 1934 – verse
 Douglass Parker, 1962 – verse
 Alan H. Sommerstein, 1983 – prose and verse
 Unknown translator – prose: full text
 Peter Meineck, 1998 – prose
 George Theodoridis, 2007 – prose: full text
 The Atticist, 2018 – prose and verse with commentary: full text
 Moses Hadas: available for digital loan


Rakha Mines railway station is a railway station on Howrah–Nagpur–Mumbai line under Kharagpur railway division of South Eastern Railway zone.
It is situated at Rakha Mines, Kuldiha in East Singhbhum  district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
It is  from Tatanagar Junction.


António José da Silva Garrido OIH (3 December 1932 – 10 September 2014) was a Portuguese football referee.
Born in Vieira de Leiria, Marinha Grande, Garrido was the first Portuguese referee to officiate a European Cup final in 1980.
He refereed three matches in the FIFA World Cup, two in the 1978 and one in the 1982 – the 3rd place play-off match.
He also refereed one match in the UEFA Euro 1980 and the first leg of 1977 European Super Cup.
On 3 August 1983, Garrido received the title of Officer of the Order of Prince Henry.
Although he was an accountant by profession, he continued involved in football after his forced retirement as a referee in 1982 due to age limit.
He then had several positions, becoming member of the FPF's Refereeing Board (for 4 years), FIFA referee instructor, UEFA observer, and referees commissioner in World Cups (for 20 years).
In 2005, Garrido was heard as a witness in Portuguese corruption scandal Apito Dourado (Golden Whistle) for being tapped talking to Pinto de Sousa (Chairman of the FPF's Refereeing Board) and Valentim Loureiro (Chairman of the Portuguese League for Professional Football).
Garrido officiated the match between the hosts Argentina and Hungary.
Garrido also officiated the match between Italy and Belgium at UEFA Euro 1980.
In 2012, Garrido admitted to have become a supporter of FC Porto, despite being himself a declared supporter of Sporting CP before ending his referee career.
He was accused of collaborating with the former club, a claim which he denied.
On 10 September 2014, he died after a long illness.


Advanced thermoplastic composites (ACM) have a high strength fibres held together by a thermoplastic matrix.
Advanced thermoplastic composites are becoming more widely used in the aerospace, marine, automotive and energy industry.
This is due to the decreasing cost and superior strength to weight ratios, over metallic parts.
Advance thermoplastic composite have excellent damage tolerance, corrosion resistant, high fracture toughness, high impact resistance, good fatigue resistance, low storage cost, and infinite shelf life.
Thermoplastic composites also have the ability to be formed and reformed, repaired and fusion welded.
Fusion bonding is a category of techniques for welding thermoplastic composites.
It requires the melting of the joint interface, which decreases the viscosity of the polymer and allows for intermolecular diffusion.
These polymer chains then diffuse across the joint interface and become entangled, giving the joint its strength.
There are many welding techniques that can be used to fusion bond thermoplastic composites.
These different techniques can be broken down into three classifications for their ways of generating heat; frictional heating, external heating and electromagnetic heating.
Some of these techniques can be very limited and only used for specific joints and geometries.
Friction welding is best used for parts that are small and flat.
The welding equipment is often expensive, but produces high-quality welds.
Two flat parts are brought together under pressure with one fixed in place and the other vibrating back-and-forth parallel to the joint.
Frictional heat is then generated till the polymers are softened or melted.
Once the desired temperature is met, the vibration motion stops, the polymer solidifies and a weld joint is made.
The two most important welding parameters that affect the mechanical performance are welding pressure and time.
Developing parameters for different advance thermoplastic composite can be challenging because the high elastic modulus of the material will have a higher heat generation, requiring less weld time.
The pressure can affect the fiber orientation which also greatly impact the mechanical performance.
Lap shear joints tend to have the best mechanical performance from the higher volume fraction of fibers at the weld interface.
Overall linear vibration welding can achieve high production rates with excellent strength, but is limited to the joint geometries that are flat.

This is done by one part remaining stationary while the other is continuously rotated with pressure applied to the weld interface.
Rotational velocity will vary throughout different radii of the Interface.
This will result in a temperature gradient as a function of the radius, resulting in different shrinkage for the fibers causing high residual stresses.
The orientation of the fibers will also contribute to high residual stress and reduction in strength.
Ultrasonics welding is one of the most commonly used technique for welding advanced thermoplastic composites.
This is due for its ability to maintain high weld strength, hermetic sealing, and high production rates.
This welding technique operates at high vibrational frequencies (10-70 kHz) and low amplitude.
The direction of vibration is perpendicular to the joint surface, but can also be parallel to the joint for hermetic application.
Heat is generated from the surface and intermolecular friction due to the vibrational.
On the surface of the joint there are small asperities called energy directors, where the vibrational energy concentrates and induces melting.
Design of the energy director and optimized parameters can be critical to improve the quality of the weld to reducing any fiber disruption during welding.
Energy directors that are triangular or semi-circle often achieve the highest strength.
With optimize welding parameters and joint design weld strength, up to 80% of the base material can be retained for advanced thermoplastic composites.
However, welding can cause damage to the fibers, which will result in premature failure.
Ultrasonic welding of advanced thermoplastic composites is used for making automotive parts, medical devices and battery housing.
Thermal welding can produce good weld quality although extra precautions need to be taken to prevent high residual stress, warping, and decohesion.
Other thermal welding techniques are not commonly used due their high heat input, which can damage the composite.
Laser welding of advanced thermoplastic composites is a process by which the LASER (Light Amplification of Simulated Emission of electromagnetic Radiation), a highly focused coherent beam of light melts the composite tin various ways.
Taking advantage of joint design and material properties, lasers can be applied either directly or indirectly to create the welded joint.

Welding variables affect weld quality in both positive and negative ways depending on how they are manipulated.
Laser heating mechanism in matter
When a laser beam impinges on a material, it excites electrons in the outer most shell of the atom.
The return of those electrons to the relaxed state induces thermal heating through conversion to vibrational states which propagate to the surrounding material.
Joining methods for laser welding
This method involves using infrared radiation to heat the surfaces the composites to be welded and then clamping until  and holding the parts together.
This method involves laser melting a polymer post and pressing a die into the molten post to create a rivet-like button to joint materials like metals.
This process can be used to join metallic joints to composite structures.
Through Transmission IR welding (TTIr)
This method utilizes one laser transparent (LT) and one laser absorbing (LA) material.
Typically, the components are layered as a sandwich with the laser beam passing through the LT layer and irradiating the surface of the LA.
This creates a melt layer at the interface of two components leading to a weld.
Effect of Constituent Properties on Weldability
To understand how the properties of a composite affect is weldability, the effects of the individual constituents (fiber, matrix, additives, etc.)
need to be understood.
The effect of each will be noted separately and then the combined effects will be discussed.
A laser beam can interact in one of three ways when it contacts the polymer matrix.
It can be absorbed, transmitted, or reflected.
The amount of absorption determines the amount of energy available for welding.
The reflectivity is affected by the index of refraction according to this relation: , where n is the index of refraction of the polymer and m is the index of refraction of air..
Absorption can be affected by the following structural characteristics of the polymer to be discussed below: crystallinity, chemical bonding, and concentration of additives.
Increased crystallinity tends to cause lower laser beam transmission because of scattering caused by changes in the index of refraction encountered when going from one phase to the next or because of changing crystallographic orientation.

The relationship follows the Lambert-Bouuger's Law: , where   is the intensity of the laser beam at a given depth or thickness, t.  is the intensity of laser beam at its source.
is the absorption constant of the polymer.
By the same token, amorphous polymers lack this trend with thickness.
Polymers absorb EMR (Electro Magnetic Radiation) in a specific wavelength of light depending on what functional groups are present on the polymer.
For instance, bending of the C-H bond on the  at 6800 nm.
Many polymers have vibrational modes at wavelengths greater than 1100 nm, so to apply methods such as TTIr, laser sources must produce photons at wavelengths shorter than that.
Therefore, Nd:YAG lasers (1064 nm) and  diode lasers (800-950 nm) can pass through the LT until they impinge on the intended modified polymer or additive that results in absorption,  whereas CO_2 lasers (10,640 nm) will be absorbed too easily as it passes through the LT.
Reinforcements such as fibers or short particles.
Reinforcing fibers can be added to increase the strength of a composite.Some reinforcements like carbon fibers have high thermal conductivity and can dissipate the heat of welding, thus requiring more energy input than with other reinforcement materials such as glass.
Glass reinforcements can cause scattering of the beam.The orientation of the continuous fibers can affect the width of welds being made.
When the welding direction is parallel to the orientation of the fibers, the weld width is usually narrower due to heat being channeled through the fibers to the front and the rear of the weld.
Increased volume fraction of reinforcements such as glass can scatter the laser beam, thus allowing less to be transmitted to the weld joint.
When this happens, the amount of energy necessary to fuse the joint may increase.
The increase if not done carefully can cause damage to the transparent part of a TTIr weld joint.
Some additives can be intentionally added to absorb laser energy.
This technique is especially useful in concentrating the weld joint to the mated surfaces of two materials that are relatively transparent to the laser beam.
For example, carbon black increases absorption of the laser beam.

Increasing the concentration of carbon black in a polymer can decrease the depth of heating and increase the peak temperature at the weld joint.
Surface damage can occur if the concentration of carbon black becomes excessive.Some additives such as the highly selective materials used in the Clearweld process are applied only to the mating surfaces between the plastics to be joined.
Some of the chemicals  such as cyanines only absorb in a narrow wavelength band centered around 785 nm.
This methodology initially was applied only to plastics, but has recently been applied to composites such as carbon fiber reinforced PEEK.
Other additives called clarifiers can do the opposite of carbon black by increasing laser beam transmission by reducing crystallinity in polymers.Despite the fact that both pigments and dyes can both add color to a polymer, they behave differently.
A dye is soluble in a polymer, whereas a  pigment is not.
Contour Welding (CW) vs quasi-simultaneous (QS)
During TTIr, although it takes more energy per unit length to achieve fusion with QS than with CW, QS offers the advantage of achieving higher weld strength and weldability of low transmissive materials such as continuous glass fiber thermoplastics.
Greater strength is imparted because full fusion is achieved without damaging the surface of the transparent material.
Electromagnetic welding is capable of welding complex parts with also the possibility of reopening welds for replacement or repair.
To achieve good welds the design of the coil and implant is important for uniform heating.
Implant resistance welding can be a low cost solution for welding parts that are flat or with curved surfaces.
The heating element used is often a metal mesh or carbon strips, which provides uniform heating.
However, advanced thermoplastic composites that contain conductive fibers can’t be used due to unwanted power leakages.
Induction welding uses a implant or susceptor that is placed at the weld interface and embedded with conductive material such as metal or carbon fibers.
An induction coil is then place near the weld joint, which induces a current in embedded in the material used to generate heat.
When welding carbon fiber, carbon and graphite fiber mats with higher electrical resistance are used to concentrate the heat at the weld interface.

Challenges of welding advanced thermoplastic composites
The heat generated during welding thermoplastic composite, induces residual stresses in the joint.
These stresses can greatly reduce the strength and performance of the part.
Upon cooling from welding the matrix and fibers will have different coefficients of thermal expansion, which introduces the residual stress.
Things such as heat input, cooling rates, volume fraction of the fibers, and matrix material will influence the residual stress.
Another important factor to consider is the orientation of the fibers.
During the molten state of welding, fibers can reorient themselves in a manner that reduces weld strength.
Advanced thermoplastic composites commonly used for welding
 Carbon fiber polyetherimide (CF/PEI)
 Carbon fiber polyphenylene sulfide (CF/PPS)
 Carbon fiber polyetheretherketone (CF/PEEK)


Hede, Sheyang County (合德镇), town in and seat of Sheyang County, Jiangsu, China
Hédé-Bazouges, commune in Ille-et-Vilaine, France
Hede, Sweden, locality in Härjedalen Municipality, Jämtland County
Deborah Hede (born 1959), American artist


The 2014–15 Division 1 Féminine season was the 41st since its establishment.
Lyon were the defending champions.
The season began on 30 August 2014 and ended on 9 May 2015.
The winter break began on 22 December 2014 and ended on 9 January 2015.
There were three promoted teams from the Division 2 Féminine, the second level of women's football in France, replacing the three teams that were relegated from the Division 1 Féminine following the 2013–14 season.
A total of 12 teams currently compete in the league with three clubs suffering relegation to the second division, Division 2 Féminine.
Teams promoted to 2014–15 Division 1 Féminine
Teams relegated to 2014–15 Division 2 Féminine
Note: A win in D1 Féminine is worth 4 points, with 2 points for a draw and 1 for a defeat.
Updated to games played on 9 May 2015
Updated to games played on 9 May 2015
Updated to games played on 9 May 2015
4 Player scored 4 goals


Here Come the Blobbies is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Jorge Antonio Tello Aliaga.
The Blobbies are cute creatures that can "blobbiemorph" into many different shapes.
The Blobbies come from Blobbieworld, where every grain of sand, every gust of wind, and every drop of water can feel, talk and smile.
It is ruled by the Elemental Blobbies; Blobbie Fire, Blobbie Earth, Blobbie Water, Blobbie Air, and Blobbie Void.
Seven new Blobbies in the colors of the rainbow, called Blobbie Colors, are created by Blobbie Fire and given strict orders not to wake up the eldest, Blobbie Void.
They live and play until Blobbie Violet becomes bored with the simple shapes of Blobbieworld.
It persuades Blobbie Indigo to help it go back into space and wake up Blobbie Void, whom they believe will teach them new shapes.
Unfortunately as soon as they wake it up it turns into a portal that lets in evil creatures called Hexicones who attack with freezing beams of darkness.
To save the Blobbie Colors, Blobbie Void transports them to an obscure planet called Earth.
While there, the Blobbies learn many new and advanced shapes while reading books in a library.
Eventually they decide to return and take on the Hexacones.
Blobbie Void brings them back and they discover that the Hexacone King is carrying the evil Hexahedron Crystal, the source of their power.
Blobbie Green sacrifices himself by turning into a Venus Flytrap and swallowing the beams of darkness so the others can blobbiemorph into Hexacones and launch a surprise attack.
Blobbie Indigo wins by blobbiemorphing into a fire breathing batsnake and crushing the crystal.
Without it, the Hexacones are freed from its curse and turn back into ordinary Blobbies.
The book was put together using Adobe Indesign Software on a Power Macintosh C4.
The illustrations were created using Adobe Photoshop software, Electric Image Universe, Strata 3D Pro, Macromedia Flash, and cheap-o No.
2 pencils.
The back of the book includes a chart that teaches kids about many different kinds of shapes.

An award-winning line of toys called the Blobbiemorphers was created.
The book also included a free adventure CD featuring The Blobbie's Shape Challenge, draft animations from the book, and an interactive personality chart, as well as a song.
There was also bonus Icelands Adventure Material.
"Here Come the Blobbies" storybook by Jorge Antonio Tello Aliaga


Xanthippus (; , ; c. 525-475 BC) was a wealthy Athenian politician and general during the early part of the 5th century BC.
His name means "Yellow Horse."
He was the son of Ariphron and father of Pericles.
He is often associated with the Alcmaeonid clan.
Although not born to the Alcmaeonidae, he married into the family when he wed Cleisthenes' niece Agariste, and would come to represent their interests in government.
He distinguished himself in the Athenian political arena, championing the aristocratic party.
His rivalry with Themistocles led to his ostracism, only to be recalled from exile when the Persians invaded Greece.
He distinguished himself during the Greco-Persian Wars making a significant contribution to the victory of the Greeks and the subsequent ascendancy of the Athenian Empire.
Early political career and ostracism
As a citizen-soldier of Athens and a member of the aristocracy, Xanthippus most likely fought during the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC.
Xanthippus first appears in the historical record the following year (489 BC), when he led the prosecution of Miltiades the Younger, the general who led Athenians to victory at Marathon.
Miltiades had asked for a fleet of 70 ships and a supply of troops to be put at his disposal in reward for his victory, saying that he would not reveal his intentions, but that the venture would reap great profit for the city.
The Athenians granted his wish, but when he met with set-backs and injury during an attack on Paros he had to return empty handed and sick.
Many Athenians suspected him of deceiving them.
The Alcmaeonidae were traditional political rivals of Miltiades' clan, the Philaidae, and they pressed for charges against the hero of Marathon, with Xanthippus making their case and asking for the death penalty.
Miltiades was in great pain due to his injury and could not defend himself, but his friends put up enough of a defence to avoid his execution; instead he was fined a sum too large to pay and thrown in prison as a debtor.
He died there of his wounds.

Xanthippus' leadership was short lived due to the rise of Themistocles, who was a populist set against the aristocracy that Xanthippus represented.
Xanthippus teamed up with his fellow aristocrat Aristides to counter the ambitions of Themistocles, but Themistocles out-maneuvered them with a series of ostracisms that were basic referendums concerning the direction of the Athenian government.
The lower classes had begun to flex their political muscle with Themistocles, and the results of the ostracisms reflected their new-found power.
There were 5 prominent ostracisms of aristocrats during the political clashes of the 480's BC, and both Xanthippus and Aristides were among the victims.
Xanthippus was ostracised in 484 BC.
Normally, an ostracism led to a 10-year exile.
But when the Persians returned to attack Greece in 480 BC, Themistocles and Athens recalled both Xanthippus and Aristides to aid in the defence of the city.
The rival politicians settled their differences and prepared for war.
The city of Athens had to be abandoned to protect its citizens and Plutarch relates a folk tale about Xanthippus' dog, who had been left behind by his master when the Athenians embarked for the safety of the Island of Salamis.
The dog was so loyal that it jumped into the sea and swam after Xanthippus' boat, managing to swim across to the isle, before dying of exhaustion.
In Plutarch's day there was still a place on Salamis called "the dog's grave."
Although not mentioned directly, it would seem that Xanthippus at least witnessed, if not fought in, the Battle of Salamis in 480 BC, which saved the Athenians and began to force back the Persian invaders.
Xanthippus was elected to the position of eponymous archon the following year (479/478 BC), showing the esteem in which he was then held.
At that time a large force of Persian infantry still remained in Greece and Athens was still under threat.

(It remains unclear why Themistocles, after his brilliant victory at Salamis, did not retain his position.)
Xanthippus' greatest military accomplishment was his command of the Athenian naval forces at the decisive Battle of Mycale against the Persians, which was fought off the coast of Lydia in Asia Minor under the command of Leotychidas of Sparta.
The remains of the Persian fleet that had survived the Battle of Salamis were stationed at the island of Samos.
When they discovered that they were being pursued by the Greek fleet they abandoned Samos and sailed to the opposite shore, under the slopes of Mount Mycale, where they beached their ships and retreated inland to set up a defensive fort.
The Greek forces launched an attack on them, with Xanthippus leading his Athenian contingent on the left flank (Greek generals fought on the front lines as an example for their men).
Xanthippus' men had easier terrain to cross than the other flank, so they engaged in combat with the Persians first and fought ferociously to earn all the credit.
They broke through the line and sent the Persian troops running to their fort for safety.
But the Athenians were able to breach the wall and when the other flank joined them they set to slaughtering the enemy.
After the rout, the Greeks, led by Xanthippus and Leotychidas, went back to the beach and set fire to the Persian ships effectively destroying the Persian fleet.
Herodotus claims this battle occurred on the same day as the Battle of Plataea, where Aristides led the Athenian contingent under the command of the Spartan Pausanias, and defeated the Persian land-forces.
With these two decisive battles the war was won and Athens was now safe.
After the Battle of Mycale, the Spartans suggested that the defence of the Ionian colonies of Asia Minor should be abandoned, since it would be difficult to protect them from the nearby Persians.
Xanthippus, however, refused to consider the proposal.
Athens was the "mother city" of many of the Ionian colonies and she felt a deep kinship with them that demanded their common defence.

Sestus controlled the European side of the Hellespont and all the shipping trade that passed.
Since Athens was very dependent upon imported grain, this made trade with the Black Sea of strategic importance and Xanthippus was determined to bring these shipping lanes back under Athenian protection.
After a winter siege, Artayctes and his son attempted to escape, but they were captured.
Artayctes offered 200 talents to Xanthippus to spare his life - a huge sum.
But Xanthippus refused.
Artayctes' son was stoned to death in front of his father, and then Artayctes himself was crucified.
That Herodotus ends his account of the great war with Persia with this relatively minor affair has led some scholars to imply that the historian wished to end on a note that flattered Xanthippus' son, Pericles, who was one of Herodotus' patrons.
Xanthippus returned to Athens a hero.
He died a few years later, but Pericles, his son, would go on to build upon the family glory, transforming Athens into the greatest centre of learning, art and architecture in Greece, while leading the city into battle against her rival, Sparta.


Wicked Campers is an Australian camper van rental company based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Founded in 2000 by John Webb, the company also has outlets in other parts of Australia, along with New Zealand, together with operations in Europe, South Africa, Japan, North America, and South America.
Wicked Campers market their product towards younger drivers and backpackers.
Each van features a spray painted design, often featuring pop culture references and slogans, which are often rude and offensive⁠—including statements perceived as misogynistic, anti-environmental, and disrespectful to Indigenous communities.
Following moves by various Australian states to outlaw offensive slogans and images on vehicles, notably campervans belonging to Wicked Campers, on 2 August 2019 Federal and State government ministers agreed on a combined approach to deal with the issue.
Wicked Campers have continually attracted media attention in Australia and New Zealand for their use of offensive slogans on their painted vans.
Between 2008 and 2012 the Australian Advertising Standards Board upheld numerous complaints about offensive slogans or other advertising.
In 2010, according to the Daily Telegraph, the Queensland government released a report saying 90% of Wicked vans in the state were unroadworthy.
Wicked took the vans off the road but claimed that the vans were safe.
It appears, however, that the number of vans that were taken off the road is a point of contention.
In 2011, various media sources reported that Wicked Campers received criticism from animal rights activists for placing stickers inside their Australian vans with the text "Kangaroos, run the fuckers down."
Wicked stated the stickers were to promote road safety and prevent vehicular rollovers.
In November 2011 it was reported that the company trading as Wicked Campers had paid fines of $26,400 for 'misleading advertising' regarding camper van hire fees.
According to the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission, the company had 'failed to specify the single total price payable for the campervans and failed to adequately disclose certain mandatory fees and charges'.
In July 2014 a petition opposing their sexist and misogynist slogans attracted over 100,000 signatures and protests in the Australian Senate.
After pressure through the media, Wicked issued an apology and committed to removing the offensive slogans.
As of April 2016, they have not done so.

In December 2016 it was reported that the New Zealand Advertising Standards Authority upheld a number of complaints.
Wicked Campers, "did not respond to the complaints board".
Federal and state government responses
In November 2016, Premier of Queensland  Annastacia Palaszczuk introduced legislation revoking the registration of commercial operators who refuse to remove offensive slogans from their vehicles.
In November 2016, Tasmanian Transport Minister Rene Hidding said that the Government would cancel the registration of vehicles displaying slogans he described as "vile and appalling".
In December 2016, Victorian Minister for Women, Fiona Richardson said, "If we can do something to rid our roads of Wicked Campers, take down advertising that blurs the line between marketing and misogyny and turn the tables on the trolls, we will do it."
In February 2017, a Queensland Parliamentary Committee recommended the legislation that will result in the cancellation of registration of vehicles with offensive slogans or advertisements that contravene advertising standards.
On 2 August 2019, Transport ministers of Federal and all state governments agreed on a national strategy to deal with the issue.
On the same day, the Victorian transport minister announced the introduction of new laws which would ban vehicles displaying obscene slogans and images from travelling on Victorian roads.
Numerous caravan and camping parks and businesses pertaining to tourism have stated they will refuse entry to vans carrying offensive slogans.
Following community groundswell opposing the wicked slogans that promote rape, indecent sexual behaviour, Indigenous disrespect, harm to native wildlife and other offensive imagery and slogans, the Blue Mountains City Council notified the community on 1 June 2016 that it is looking at various options to ban Wicked Campervans with offensive, misogynistic, racial and degrading slogans and imagery from council managed tourist/caravan parks within the Blue Mountains.
Wicked Campers appear to enjoy the free negative promotions of its business that the slogans draw.
However, they do not appear to be concerned about the implications on its market, generally young travelers, who may be influenced by these slogans to carry out actions that they would not normally otherwise do.
Ballina Shire Council in NSW, has lobbied State Governments for, "action or legislative changes to ban the inappropriate messages".
In April 2015, due to the offensive slogans, Lonely Planet removed Wicked Campers from its listings.

The company mocks both the complainants, and the complaints against it.


 Sayan Mountains, a mountain range in Siberia, Asia
 Sayan, Bali, a village in Indonesia
 Sayan, Iran, a village in Hamadan Province, Iran
 Sayán, city in Peru
 Sayany-Khakassia, a Russian bandy club
 Sayan Plak, a Turkish record label in the 1960s
 Sayana, 14th century Indian commentator on the Vedas


James Marcus may refer to:
James Marcus (American actor) (1867–1937), American actor
James Marcus (English actor) (born 1942), English actor
James Marcus (Resident Evil), video game character
James S. Marcus (1929–2015), American investment banker and philanthropist


June 1 (month-day date notation)
January 6 (day-month date notation)
 Six One, news show by RTÉ News
 Six of One (disambiguation)


Kimberly Burrell is an American gospel singer from Houston, Texas.
Burrell is the daughter of a pastor in the Church of God in Christ (COGIC) .
Burrell began performing with Reverend James Cleveland's GMWA Youth Mass Choir (also known as Rev.
James Cleveland's Kids).
Burrell's performances continued with Trinity Temple Full Gospel Mass Choir of Dallas and The Inspirational Sounds Mass Choir of Houston.
In 1996, she was a featured singer on the reprise of "Jesus Paid It All" on Ricky Dillard & New G's album Worked It Out.
Her first independent album, Try Me Again, was released on the Texas-based boutique label Pearl Records in 1995.
This led to her being signed to Tommy Boy Gospel and releasing another album, Everlasting Life (1999), produced by Asaph Alexander Ward.
The album peaked at #10 on the Billboard Gospel Charts.
Burrell recorded Live In Concert, a live album in November 2000 at the annual COGIC Convention in Memphis, Tennessee.
The album was released in 2001.
It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Soul Gospel Album in 2002.
Though Tommy Boy Gospel closed shortly after the release of Live In Concert, by 2002, she had signed a recording contract with Elektra Records.
Under this contract she recorded only a guest appearance on the all-star gospel track "Higher Ground", which first appeared as a bonus track on Missy Elliott's album Miss E...
So Addictive and was later featured on Karen Clark Sheard's 2nd Chance album.
She has continued to perform live and to collaborate with other artists.
Though only intermittently active as a recording artist, she established and hosts the annual Ephesians 4 conference, a workshop for performing artists.
In 2004, Burrell was a guest performer along with Kelly Price on R. Kelly's "3-Way Phone Call" playing the part of Price's "prayer partner" in the soap opera-like song.
She appeared in George Clinton's original song "Mathematics of Love" on Clinton's 2008 album of covers, George Clinton and Some Gangsters of Love.
Burrell released her first studio album in 11 years, No Ways Tired, on April 7, 2009 through Shanachie Records.

Burrell sang "I see a Victory" with Pharrell Williams for the soundtrack to the feature film Hidden Figures (2016).
In December 2016, a video surfaced showing Burrell preaching a sermon at the Love & Liberty Fellowship Church.
In that sermon, she called people who engage in homosexual acts "perverted" and said they had been deceived by the "homosexual spirit."
She also warned that people who "play with" homosexual sin would "die from it" in 2017.
In response to considerable criticism, Burrell said that she makes "no excuses or apologies" for the sermon, adding "I love you, and God loves you, but he hates the sin in you and me."
Shortly after the video of the sermon surfaced, The Ellen DeGeneres Show cancelled Burrell's scheduled appearance, as did the BMI Trailblazers of Gospel Music event, where she was removed as an honoree.
Her radio talk show, Bridging the Gap with Kim Burrell, was cancelled by Texas Southern University.
 Try Me Again (Pearl, 1995)
 Everlasting Life (Tommy Boy Gospel, 1998)
 Live In Concert (Tommy Boy Gospel, 2001)
 No Ways Tired (Shanachie, 2009)
 The Love Album (Shanachie, 2011)
 A Different Place (Shanachie, 2015)
 Live From Miami (New Brand Records, 2017)
 "Special Place" (Bad Boy Entertainment, 2001)
 "Little Drummer Boy" (New Brand Records, 2018)
 Live In Concert (VHS) (Tommy Boy Gospel, 2001)
 2000 Gospel Music Excellence Award, Female Vocalist of the Year - Contemporary for Everlasting Life
 2000 Stellar Award, Contemporary Female Vocalist of the Year for Everlasting Life
 2012 Stellar Award, Albertina Walker Female Vocalist of the Year for The Love Album
 2012 Stellar Award, Contemporary Female of the Year for The Love Album
 2012 Dove Award, Urban Recorded Song of the Year for "Sweeter"


Mount McKelvey () is a rocky, mostly ice-free peak,  high, situated less than  east of Mount Walcott in the eastern portion of the Thiel Mountains of Antarctica.
It was surveyed by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Thiel Mountains party of 1960–61, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Vincent E. McKelvey, the ninth director of the USGS from 1971–78.
During this period, numerous USGS geologic and topographic expeditions, for which he had administrative responsibility, were carried out in Antarctica.


Arthur Ribeiro (born 21 March 1942) is a Brazilian fencer.
He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the individual épée at the 1976 Summer Olympics.


Cascadura is a neighborhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.


Belgium chose their Junior Eurovision entry for 2006 through Eurosong for Kids, a national final consisting of 10 songs competing over two semi-finals and a final.
The winner of Junior Eurosong was Thor!, with the song "Een tocht door het donker".
Eurosong for Kids 2006
Eurosong for Kids was the national final for Belgium at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006, organised by Belgian broadcaster Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep (VRT).
The format of the competition consisted of three shows: two semi-finals and a final.
In all shows, the results were based on the votes from a three-member adult "expert" jury, a kids jury, Radio 2 jury, Radio Donna jury and televoting.
The televote counted for 1/3 of the overall vote, with the other 4 juries counting for 1/6.
The members of the "expert" jury were Els De Schepper, Heidi Lenaerts and Ronny Mosuse.
The winning song from each semi-final qualified for the final along with the 3 overall best scoring non-winners.
The first semi-final took place on 17 September 2006.
Thor!
advanced directly for the final, winning the semi-final with 70 points.
Lizz@xy and Attic also qualified as two of the three overall best scoring non-winners with 67 and 60 points respectively.
The second semi-final took place on 24 September 2006.
The Fireflies advanced directly for the final, winning the semi-final with 71 points.
Nicolas also qualified as one of the three overall best scoring non-winners with 62 points.
The final was held on 1 October 2006.
The winner was "Een tocht door het donker" performed by Thor!.
At Junior Eurovision, Belgium performed in thirteenth position, before Croatia and after Belgium.
Belgium placed in 7th position with 71 points; the highest of which was 10 points, which came from Croatia.
 Belgium in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006


Line S1 of the Nanjing Metro (), is a suburban metro rail line serving the southern suburbs of Nanjing, running from  to .
It connects Nanjing South railway station with Nanjing Lukou International Airport.
It is  long has 8 stations.
The line started construction on December 27, 2011, and was opened on July 1, 2014.
In September 2011 a contract for 15 6 car Type B metro trains was given to CSR Corporation Limited, with the first train arriving in August 2013.
Line S1 also serves as the first stage of the Nanjing–Gaochun intercity railway, with Line S9 serving as the second stage.


The scarlet kingsnake or scarlet milk snake (Lampropeltis elapsoides) is a species of kingsnake found in the southeastern and eastern portions of the United States.
Like all kingsnakes, they are nonvenomous.
They are found in pine flatwoods, hydric hammocks, pine savannas, mesic pine-oak forests, prairies, cultivated fields, and a variety of suburban habitats; not unusually, people find scarlet kingsnakes in their swimming pools, especially during the spring.
Until recently, and for much of the 20th century, scarlet kingsnakes were considered a subspecies of the milk snake.
However, Pyron and Bubrink demonstrated the phylogenetic distinction of this species and its closer relationship to the mountain kingsnakes of the southwestern United States.
These largely fossorial snakes are the smallest of all the species within the genus Lampropeltis, usually ranging from  at maturity.
The maximum recorded length is .
Hatchlings range in size from .
The generic name, Lampropeltis, is derived from the Ancient Greek lamprós (λαμπρος) meaning "shiny" and peltas (πελτας) meaning "shield", after the sheen of their scales.
Its specific name, elapsoides, is a Latinization of the Greek word éllops (ελλοπς) which refers to coral and was used to describe the 19th century genus, Elaps (the type genus of the family Elapidae), which included the eastern coral snake (Micrurus fulvius), a venomous species which the scarlet kingsnake resembles and with which the scarlet kingsnake is partly sympatric.
The range of scarlet kingsnakes extends considerably further north and northeast than the eastern coral snake.
The scarlet kingsnake  was once believed to have intergraded with the eastern milk snake, which produced a variation once named as a subspecies called the Coastal Plains milk snake (L. t. temporalis), but this is no longer recognized as a legitimate taxon.
Scarlet kingsnakes have a tricolored pattern of black, red, white, and various shades of yellow bands that appear to mimic the venomous coral snake in a form of Batesian mimicry.

For tri-colored snakes found east of the Mississippi River, all of these phrases can be replaced with the simple phrase, "Red face, I'm safe", in reference to the red snout of scarlet kingsnakes as opposed to the prominent black snout of the eastern coral snake.
Scarlet kingsnakes are born with white, black, and red banding.
As they mature, they develop varying shades of yellow within geographic areas where this is expressed.
In addition, the yellowing is not uniform, but rather this pigmentation proceeds from lighter to darker from the lowermost scales upward to the dorsum, or "back", presenting a multiple yellowish band.
Early expression of yellowing appears as early as 3 months and continues through the first 3 years.
As adults age,  a gradual darkening of the yellowish banding occurs.
The yellow pigmentation varies from lemon, to school-bus yellow, to tangerine, to apricot.
Scarlet kingsnakes are secretive, nocturnal, fossorial snakes, so are infrequently seen by people.
They are excellent climbers.
They can be found underneath the loose bark on rotting pines (which is a favorite place for them to hide during spring or during heavy rains), under the bark on dying or decaying pines and their stumps, and decaying wood, where they hunt for their favorite prey, small snakes and lizards, especially skinks.
Hatchling scarlet kingsnakes show a strong predisposition for ground skinks, Scincella lateralis, often to the exclusion of other prey items.
A scarlet kingsnake is microwaved by Ken in the 2006 thriller/action film Snakes on a Plane.


Kanjigan (, also Romanized as Kanjīgān) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 16 families.


Steven Anthony Tambellini (born May 14, 1958) is a Canadian former NHL player and was the general manager for the Edmonton Oilers, from July 2008 to April 2013.
He is currently a scout for the Anaheim Ducks
Steve Tambellini played his junior hockey for the Lethbridge Broncos of the WHL from the 1975–76 season until the 1977–78 season, where he scored 155 goals and notched 181 assists in 193 games.
He would earn the Jim Piggott Memorial Trophy as the top rookie in the league for his effort in the 1975–76 season.
In the 1978 NHL Entry Draft, Tambellini was chosen 15th overall by the New York Islanders.
He would spend two years with New York, winning a Stanley Cup with them in the 1980 season.
He was dealt at the trade deadline the next season along with Chico Resch to the Colorado Rockies in exchange for Mike McEwen.
He stayed with Colorado for two seasons, including their first season as the New Jersey Devils as the franchise was relocated in 1982.
While playing for the New Jersey Devils, Tambellini scored the new team's first ever hat trick on December 3, 1982 in a 5-4 victory over Hartford.
After the 1982–83 season, Steve was traded to the Calgary Flames.
He would remain there for two seasons before signing on as a free agent with the Vancouver Canucks, where he would round out his NHL career.
He would go on to play a minor amount of time in both the Swiss Hockey League and the Austrian Hockey League.
During his career, Steve Tambellini represented Canada on three separate occasions: In 1978 he played for Team Canada in the World Junior Hockey Championship, winning a bronze medal after scoring two goals and two assists.
He played in the World Hockey Championship as well as the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, where he scored a goal and three assists.
After his retirement from hockey, he was hired by the Canucks as the Director of Public and Media Relations and remained with the franchise until July 2008.
In 1997, he would be promoted to Senior Vice President of Hockey Operations.
In 1998 his position would change again, this time to the Vice President of Player Personnel.

In 2002, he was the Director of Player Personnel for the gold medal winning Canadian Olympic Men's Ice Hockey Team at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
He would be rewarded again, being named the Director of Player Personnel for both the 2003 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships as well as the 2004 World Cup of Hockey.
In 2004, he was inducted into the British Columbia Hockey Hall of Fame.
On July 31, 2008 he was named General Manager of the Edmonton Oilers after the Oilers promoted Kevin Lowe to President of Hockey Operations.
On April 13, 2013 he was fired by the Edmonton Oilers, and was replaced by Craig MacTavish.
The Anaheim Ducks hired Tambellini as a part-time scout on November 21, 2013.
His father, Addie Tambellini, helped the Trail Smoke Eaters win the 1961 World Ice Hockey Championships, the last Canadian amateur team to do so.
His oldest son, Jeff Tambellini, was drafted 27th overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Jeff is now following in his grandfathers foot steps becoming the Head Coach and General Manager of the Trail Smoke Eaters of the BCHL in 2018.
His youngest son Adam Tambellini, was drafted by the New York Rangers 65th overall in the 2013 NHL Draft and currently plays for the AHL affiliate of the Ottawa Senators, the Belleville Senators.


Gedrosia is a dry, mountainous country along the northwestern shores of the Indian Ocean.
It was occupied in the Bronze Age by people who settled in the few oases in the region.
Other people settled on the coast and became known in Greek as Ichthyophagi.
The country was conquered by the Persian king Cyrus the Great (559-530 BCE), although information about his campaign is comparatively late.
The capital of Gedrosia was Pura, which is probably identical to modern Bampûr, forty kilometers west of Irânshahr.
Gedrosia became famous in Europe when the Macedonian king Alexander the Great tried to cross the Gedrosian desert and lost one third of his men.
Several scholars have argued that the Persian satrapy Maka is identical to Gedrosia (which is a Greek name).
One argument is the similarity of the name Maka to the modern name Makran, a part of Pakistan and Iran that is situated a bit more to the east.
However, it is more likely that Maka is to be sought in modern Oman, which was called Maketa in Antiquity.


Mikhail Ivanov (born 18 April 1958) is a Russian former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.


Ben Bag-Bag (, literally, son of Bag-Bag) was a rabbinic sage and disciple of Hillel the Elder during the late Zugot or early Tannaitic period.
Aside from a single maxim quoted at the end of Mishna Avot (Pirkei Avot chapter 5) he is not mentioned.
There he says, Turn it, and turn it, for everything is in it.
Reflect on it and grow old and gray with it.
Don't turn from it, for nothing is better than it.
This maxim is followed by that of another sage, ben Hai-Hai ().
Some considered ben Bag-Bag and ben Hai-Hai to be the same person.
A tradition recorded by Tosafos in Chagigah 9b has it that both ben Bag-Bag and ben Hai-Hai were converts to Judaism (gerim).
Some speculate that their unusual names hid the true identities of gerim persecuted by Roman authorities during the Roman occupation of the Land of Israel.
Another Rabbinic tradition holds that ben Bag-Bag was the person (sometimes described as a Roman soldier) who in a tale of Shammai and Hillel requests the sages to teach him the whole Torah while standing on one foot.
Some would also identify ben Bag-Bag with Yoḥanan ben Bag-Bag (), a tanna mentioned several times in the Talmud.


Harry Sidney Nichols (14 August 1865 – 30 November 1941) was an English publisher of erotica.
Nichols was born in Wortley, Leeds, Yorkshire, the son of glass merchant William Nichols and his wife, Mary Hartley Nichols.
He went into business as antiquarian book dealer, but he made his fortune as a Sheffield publisher and printer of high-end erotica in partnership with Leonard Smithers which included such works as Sir Richard Francis Burton's translation of the Book of One Thousand and One Nights.
In 1888 they formed the Erotika Biblion Society, for which Smithers acted as printer.
Under threat of arrest under strict Victorian pornography laws, Nichols went into exile in Paris from 1900 to 1908, publishing by mail-order to England.
In 1908, Nichols, being threatened with extradition to England, migrated to Stamford, Connecticut, New York City.
His mistress, Annie, pregnant with twin daughters, Aimee and Marcia, followed him shortly.
Nichols continued to publish erotica until 1939, when he was committed to Bellevue Mental Hospital, where he died in 1941.


The Atiwa District is one of the twenty-one (21) districts of the Eastern Region of south Ghana.
The capital is Kwabeng.
Atiwa district was carved out of what is now the East Akim Municipal district in 2004 by the NPP Kufuor government.


The Setai Hotel and Residences, also known as The Setai Miami Beach and The Setai South Beach, is a high rise luxury hotel and condominium located in South Beach, Miami Beach, Florida.
The building has 38 floors and is 117.5 meters tall, making it one of the tallest buildings in Miami Beach.
The hotel, designed by Jean-Michel Gathy, includes a recording studio and a  penthouse that includes a rooftop pool and jacuzzi.


Bascom Sine Deaver (November 26, 1882 – October 13, 1944) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia.
Born in Union County, Georgia, Deaver received an Artium Baccalaureus from Mercer University in 1907 and a Bachelor of Laws from Mercer University School of Law in 1910.
He was in private practice in Macon, Georgia from 1910 to 1922.
He was an Assistant United States Attorney of the Southern District of Georgia from 1922 to 1926, and then was the United States Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia from 1926 to 1928.
Deaver was nominated by President Calvin Coolidge on March 5, 1928, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia vacated by Judge William Josiah Tilson.
He was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 19, 1928, and received his commission the same day.
His service terminated on October 13, 1944, due to his death.


Viktor Bungtilu Laiskodat (born 17 February 1965) is an Indonesian politician who is the 8th governor of East Nusa Tenggara.
Born in Kupang, he was elected into the Indonesian Parliament, the People's Representative Council (Dewan Perwakilian Rakyat, sometimes referred to as the House of Representatives) from his home district twice in 2004 and 2014, although he did not serve his entire second term because he resigned to run for governor.
Viktor Bungtilu Laiskodat was born as the last child of Lazarus Laiskodat and Orpha Laiskodat Kase in Oenesu, in the western part of Kupang Regency.
He is a Protestant Christian.
After completing his first 12 years of education at Kupang in 1985, he studied law in Jakarta's Indonesian Law Institute (Sekolah Tinggi Ilmu Hukum Indonesia), getting his bachelors in 2000.
In 2017, he graduated from Satya Wacana Christian University in Salatiga, earning a master's degree in development studies.
After graduating, Laiskodat worked as a lawyer and law consultant, owning his own law firm (Viktor B. Laiskodat Law Firm).
He also became commissioner at several companies.
He was first elected to the People's Representative Council as a member of Golkar in 2004 from the NTT II district, which included Sumba, Timor, and surrounding islands.
In 2009, he did not gain a seat.
However, in 2014, he ran as a member of Nasdem Party and won a seat after securing 77,555 votes - third place out of a quota of seven.
In his second term at the council, he was part of Commission I and also was the speaker of Nasdem's faction in the parliament.
During the 2014 presidential election, he was part of Joko Widodo's campaign team.
In 2017, President of Indonesia Joko Widodo released an executive order (Peraturan Pemerintah Pengganti Undang-Undang) allowing the government to disband mass organizations deemed opposing the state's ideology, with opposition parties and several rights organizations condemning the move.

The parties denied his accusations and sued him for defamation.
Due to both immunity of legislators and his gubernatorial bid in the 2018 gubernatorial election, the case was delayed.
Islamic groups affiliated with the 212 movement later held protests demanding his arrest and trial for blasphemy.
He resigned from the council to run as governor, and was replaced on 20 March 2018 by Jacki Uli.
He ran for governorship of East Nusa Tenggara in the 2018 election.
Paired with Josef Nae Soi as running mate, he won the four-candidate race with 838,213 votes (35.6%).
Laiskodat was sworn in on 5 September 2018.
Immediately after being sworn in, Laiskodat announced to media that he would put a moratorium on mining in the province.
The moratorium was issued on 14 November 2018, but environmental activists criticized the regulation for  only suspending mining activities in the province to evaluate existing regulations, instead of halting mining entirely.
Shortly after he became governor, Laiskodat stated his intent to legalize the brewing of local alcoholic beverages in the province - namely, Moke in Flores and Sopi in Timor.
The beverage, which was to be called "Sophia", was planned to begin production in June 2019.
In early 2019, his administration announced plans to close Komodo Island to visitors for a year to allow the government to manage the park better and increase the population of both deer and the lizards.
In July 2019, it was confirmed that Komodo Island would be closed for a period to tourism beginning in 2020 to allow a conservation program to be implemented.
Laiskodat has also publicly spoke out in opposition to halal tourism in the area, stating that "tourism has nothing to do with religion".
In 2019, the provincial government announced its plans to open a provincial trade office in neighboring East Timor.
In October 2019, Laiskodat publicly called for the Ministry of Communication and Information Technology to block access to Facebook in Indonesia, calling for the development of a local social media platform similar to the Chinese internet.

As the virus spread in Indonesia, he instructed schools to close by 20 March, at which point the province had 38 people under monitoring for the disease.
He is married to Julie Sutrisno Laiskodat, a graduate of UT Arlington.
The couple has three sons.


The LMS Ivatt Class 4 2-6-0 is a class of steam locomotive primarily designed for medium freight work but also widely used on secondary passenger services.
The London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) built 162 of this type between 1947 and 1952, but only three were built by the LMS before nationalisation in 1948.
Designed by H.G.
Ivatt, they were classified 4F by the LMS and 4MT by BR.
In BR days they were used extensively across the system, being prevalent on the London Midland region and to a lesser extent elsewhere, notably on the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway, an East Anglian line that had previously been joint owned by the LMS and LNER, where they became the dominant locomotive type.
They were also used for a short period on the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway, but were quickly transferred elsewhere, never to return, because of poor steaming on the line's long and steep gradients – this was before modifications were made to the design which improved steaming notably.
The first three engines were numbered 3000–3002 by the LMS, but became 43000–43002 when renumbered by BR – 40000 was added to the running number to indicate an ex-LMS locomotive.
The remaining 159, built by BR, continued the number sequence: 43003–43161.
Construction was divided between different locations, 75 were completed at Horwich Works, 50 at Doncaster Works and 37 at Darlington Works.
The class was also sometimes called mucky ducks or doodlebugs or even flying pigs.
The design was noted for its American looks – the running-plates were positioned at a high level and a gap left ahead of the cylinders.
Because of this many locomotive enthusiasts considered it to be the ugliest British locomotive produced, especially those locomotives outshopped with double chimneys (the first 50 engines); however, these gave poor performance and were quickly replaced with single chimneys.
The locomotives also incorporated new mechanical features intended to reduce maintenance costs.
The utilitarian appearance was a deliberate design decision as there are sketches which show the locomotive with conventional curved running plates.
The BR Standard Class 4 2-6-0 was based on this design.

On 15 November 1964, locomotive No.
43072 was hauling a freight train which ran away and crashed at Adolphus Street Goods Yard, Bradford, Yorkshire.
The locomotive was subsequently scrapped in situ.
The class were withdrawn between 1963 and 1968.
Only one example survived into preservation, No 43106, the final member of the class in service, which was based at Lostock Hall depot, near Preston.
Its last operational turn was just before Easter in 1968, but its last turn was interrupted by a derailment in Colne Goods Yard.
Since 43106 had already been selected as the best of the remaining small group, a 'search party' was despatched on Easter Tuesday to survey the damage.
It was felt that damage was so minimal the prospective owners would investigate the ease of a repair.
On its return to Lostock Hall, the locomotive was repaired by fitters from Carnforth, that repair exists to this day.
However it derailed again at Lostock Hall when being prepared for a test run in late July.
It was steamed for the final time by British Railways on 1 August 1968 and departed at about 15:30 with one member of its new owning consortium on board.
This was only after lengthy discussions to get the locomotive moved in live steam before 4 August, the end of steam operation on BR.
The journey was carefully routed to limit movement 'under the wires', via Frodsham, Chester and Shrewsbury.
The journey through the West Midlands continued via Wolverhampton High Level towards Bescot and Pleck Junction, where after a movement around a triangular junction to ensure it arrived the 'right way round' the light engine continued on to Stourbridge Junction where it was stabled overnight in the exchange sidings, now part of the extensive car park.
On 2 August it continued on to its new life in preservation on the Severn Valley Railway appearing on the front page of the Shropshire Journal with three of its new owners giving it a much needed clean.
It is affectionately known as the Flying Pig, although many railwaymen referred to the Ivatt 4s as Doodlebugs.

In 1975 it attended the Rail 150 celebrations in Shildon & in 1980 it took part in the Rocket 150 celebrations at Rainhill.
On a small number of occasions between 1980 and 1983 the engine saw use on a limited number of railtours, on some occasions double heading with fellow SVR based engines including: 5000, 7812 Erlestoke Manor & 80079.
A major overhaul of the locomotive was completed in 2009 and it is currently operational after having damage repaired that it received during a derailment at Hampton Loade soon after returning to service.
It received further repairs to the boiler in 2013 which included a new boiler ticket.
A OO gauge model of 43106 is produced by Bachmann Branchline, who also produce many other models of the Class 4, as well as the LMS Ivatt Class 2 2-6-0 and LMS Ivatt Class 2 2-6-2T.


La Belle was one of Robert de La Salle's four ships when he explored the Gulf of Mexico with the ill-fated mission of starting a French colony at the mouth of the Mississippi River in 1685.
La Belle was wrecked in present-day Matagorda Bay the following year, dooming La Salle's Texas colony to failure.
The wreckage of La Belle lay forgotten until it was discovered by a team of state archaeologists in 1995.
The discovery of La Salle's flagship was regarded as one of the most important archaeological finds of the century in Texas, and a major excavation was launched by the state of Texas that, over a period of about a year, recovered the entire shipwreck and over a million artifacts.
In the late 17th century, much of North America had been claimed by European countries.
Spain claimed Florida, and New Spain included both today's Mexico and much of the southwestern part of the continent.
The northern Atlantic coast was claimed by Britain, and New France included much of what is now Canada as well as the Illinois Country.
France feared that their colonies in the center of the continent were vulnerable to potential attacks from their neighbors.
In 1681, French nobleman René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle, launched an expedition down the Mississippi River from New France, expecting to find a path to the Pacific Ocean.
Instead, La Salle found a route to the Gulf of Mexico.
Although Hernando de Soto had explored and claimed this area for Spain 140 years before, on April 9, 1682 La Salle claimed the Mississippi River valley for the French king, Louis XIV, naming the territory Louisiana in his honor.
La Salle knew that French control of the Mississippi would split Spanish Florida from New Spain, and he believed that the Mississippi River was near the edge of New Spain.
On his return to France in 1683, La Salle argued that a small number of Frenchmen could successfully invade New Spain by relying on the help of 15,000 Indians who were angry over Spanish enslavement.
This had been suggested as early as 1678 by Diego de Penalosa, the former governor of New Mexico who had fled to France after being targeted by the Inquisition.

After Spain declared war on France in October 1683, Louis agreed to back La Salle,  whose official duties now included "confirming the Indians' allegiance to the crown, leading them to the true faith, and maintaining intertribal peace".
La Salle originally intended to sail to New France, journey overland to the Illinois Country, and then sail down the Mississippi River to its mouth, where he would plant his colony.
To carry his supplies, he would need a large ship to traverse the Atlantic Ocean and a smaller one to transport the supplies from Illinois to the Gulf of Mexico.
Louis XIV gave La Salle the use of two ships, Le Joly and La Belle.
Originally, La Belle was built as a kit, with the ship frames assigned to one of four quadrants and numbered sequentially so that the pieces could be assembled later.
The pieces were intended to be loaded onto Le Joly for transport to North America, and then would be carried overland to the Mississippi River.
At that point, La Salle's men would assemble the ship, and it would be used to carry the supplies to their final destination.
At the king's urging, the expedition chose instead to sail directly to the Gulf of Mexico rather than to New France, eliminating the need for a ship to be built in the New World.
As the Joly was already heavily laden, La Salle decided that the ship should be assembled in France and sailed across the ocean.
Although there were some questions as to whether the ship would survive an ocean crossing, it was nevertheless assembled in France in less than two months and prepared for its journey.
In the late 17th century, the French shipbuilding industry had stagnated.
In an effort to "invigorate" the industry,  Secretary of State of the Navy, Jean-Baptiste Colbert, brought shipbuilders trained in the Mediterranean methods of shipbuilding to Rochefort, where the industry primarily used what was known as the Atlantic shipbuilding method.
One of these transplanted shipwrights was Honoré Mallet, who had been raised in Toulon in the south of France.

La Belle was a barque-longue, with three masts and a relatively shallow draft of about .
Her beam was officially , and she was  long with a cargo capacity of 40–45 tons.
The ship was designed to be highly maneuverable, with the mainmast and foremast holding two sails each, while the mizzenmast supported a single triangular sail, and another small square sail hung from the bowsprit.
On July 24, 1684, La Salle left La Rochelle with four ships: the 36-gun man-of-war Le Joly, the 300-ton storeship L'Aimable, the barque La Belle, and the ketch St. Francois.
The ships carried almost 300 people, including 100 soldiers, six missionaries, eight merchants, over a dozen women and children, and artisans and craftsmen.
The St. Francois and its full load of supplies, provisions, and tools for the colony was captured by Spanish privateers in Santo Domingo.
In late November 1684, the three remaining ships continued their search for the Mississippi River delta.
Before they left, local sailors warned them that the Gulf currents flowed east, and would carry the ships toward the Florida straits unless they corrected for it.
On December 18, the ships reached the Gulf of Mexico and entered waters that Spain claimed as their sole territory.
None of the members of the expedition had ever been in the Gulf of Mexico or knew how to navigate it.
The expedition was to be unable to find the Mississippi due to a combination of inaccurate maps, La Salle's previous miscalculation of the latitude of the mouth of the Mississippi River, and overcorrecting for the currents.
Instead, they landed at Matagorda Bay in Spanish Texas in early 1685,  west of the Mississippi.
Although La Belle was able to easily navigate the pass into the Bay, the Aimable was grounded on a sandbar.
A bad storm prevented them from recovering more than food, cannons, powder, and a small amount of the merchandise from the ship, and by March 7 she had sunk.

La Salle chose to establish Fort Saint Louis on a bluff overlooking Garcitas Creek, 50 miles (80 km) from their initial campsite.
With their permanent camp established, the colonists took several short trips within the next few months to further explore their surroundings.
At the end of October La Salle decided to undertake a longer expedition and reloaded the La Belle with much of the remaining supplies.
He took 50 men, plus the La Belle's crew of 27 sailors, leaving behind 34 men, women, and children.
The bulk of the men traveled with La Salle in canoes, while the La Belle followed further off the coast.
Several of the men, including the captain of the La Belle, Canil Maraud, died on this expedition from eating prickly pear.
Soon after, the Karankawa killed a small group of the men, including the new captain of La Belle, former pilot Eli Richaud, who had camped on the shore at night.
In January 1686, La Salle left the ship  from Fort Saint Louis.
La Salle took 20 men with him to travel overland to reach the Mississippi, leaving Pierre Tessier, the former second in command of the La Belle, in charge of the ship.
After three months of searching overland, La Salle's group returned, but were unable to find the La Belle where they had left her and were forced to walk back to the fort.
While La Salle was gone, the ship began to run low of drinking water.
Tessier sent the five best sailors ashore in the La Belles only longboat to search for water.
The men were seen struggling against a strong wind to return to the ship as night fell, and were presumed lost when the longboat never arrived at the ship.
The remaining sailors drank wine in place of water, but the alcohol further dehydrated them, and several died.
Tessier finally decided that the ship must return to Fort Saint Louis for more supplies.
As they got underway, a cold front blew in.

Within a short amount of time, the La Belle had run aground at the southern end of the bay, approximately a quarter of a mile (400 m) from shore.
When the storm had abated, the men built a raft from planks and barrels and sent two men to shore.
The raft broke up in the waves, and both men drowned.
After making a second, more solid, raft, the others were able to make it safely to shore.
Over the next few days they returned to the ship daily to retrieve cargo, managing to salvage some of La Salle's papers and clothes, barrels of flour, casks of wine, glass beads, and other trade items.
Before long, however, a strong southerly wind drove the hull into the muddy bottom, and soon only the rear deck remained above water.
Of the 27 people originally assigned to the ship, the only survivors were Tessier, a priest, a military officer, a regular soldier, a servant girl, and a small boy.
They remained on the peninsula for three months, as the only way to the fort was to walk through Karankawa territory.
After a small Indian canoe washed ashore one day, the survivors were able to paddle across the bay and return to the fort.
The destruction of their last ship left the settlers stranded on the Texas coast, with no hope of any assistance from the French colonies in the Caribbean Sea.
The Spanish authorities learned of La Salle's expedition when a former member of the colony, Denis Thomas, was captured aboard a pirate ship.
In an attempt to save his life, Thomas related that La Salle had planned to establish a colony near the Mississippi River and eventually take over Spanish silver mines.
Although Thomas was quickly hanged, the Spanish believed his information to be reliable and began searching for the French colony.
On December 25, 1686, a Spanish expedition led by Captain Martin de Rivas and Captain Pedro de Yriarte left Veracruz to sail along the Gulf Coast.
On April 4, they reached Matagorda Bay and dispatched several canoes to explore the area.

The Spanish salvaged two swivel guns and five cannons from the ship, as well as the anchor, some cordage, and the masts, which they made into oars.
As final proof that this ship had belonged to the French colony, the expedition also discovered the campsite where the French survivors had lived for three months.
Among the remains of the campsite were pages from books written in French.
The wreck lay forgotten for over three hundred years in the dark murky waters of Matagorda Bay.
In the 1970s, Kathleen Gilmore of Southern Methodist University analyzed historical accounts of the La Salle shipwrecks, and gave general guidance as to where they might be found.
In 1977, the Texas Historical Commission (THC) asked an independent researcher to search the archives in Paris for information on the shipwrecks.
She found original copies of maps made by La Salle's engineer, Jean-Baptiste Minet.
Before Minet returned to France aboard the Joly, he had created detailed maps of Matagorda Bay and the pass and had marked the spot where L'Aimable had sunk.
Other researchers discovered additional historical maps, including several that marked La Belle's resting place.
In 1978, Barto Arnold, the State Marine Archaeologist for the Texas Antiquities Committee (the predecessor to the Texas Historical Commission), proposed a ten-week search for La Salle's ships.
In a magnetometer survey of the area of the bay deemed a high probability to be La Belle's location, the expedition found several more recent shipwrecks.
A lack of funding for the next seventeen years stymied further attempts to locate La Belle.
In June 1995 the Texas Historical Commission organized a second magnetometer survey to search high-probability areas not included in earlier surveys.
The most important technological development since the original survey was the advent of the differential GPS positioning system, which made navigation and the relocation of targets considerably easier and more accurate.
This survey lasted the entire month and utilized a Geometrics 866 proton precession magnetometer which identified 39 "magnetic features that required further investigation".

During the initial diving operations, a prop-wash blower (metal pipe fitted over the propeller to deflect its force down to the seafloor) was used, ostensibly to improve water visibility by forcing surface water down towards the bottom.
It was later decided by the archaeologists that the blower should be turned off as it was visibly damaging the delicate material of the cargo remains.
It is not known exactly how much sediment covered the shipwreck at the time of its discovery because the prop-wash blower was deployed before sending divers down.
The first team of divers reported feeling musket balls on the seafloor along with loose fragments of wood moving in the current created by the blower.
These materials strongly suggested that this was indeed a shipwreck site.
During the second dive, archaeologist Chuck Meide discovered a bronze cannon which, when subsequently recovered, proved that this shipwreck was indeed that of La Belle.
The cannon was ornately decorated, and bore the crest of King Louis and the Count of Vermandois, the Admiral of France.
An illegitimate son of Louis XIV, Vermandois served as Admiral of the French fleet until his death in 1683, meaning the cannon would have been cast no later than 1683, the time when La Salle was preparing for his voyage.
This was considered strong circumstantial evidence that the ship was La Belle.
A serial number on the gun (and two others found in 1997) was later matched in a French archival record discovered by Dr. John de Bry with the numbers of four bronze cannons that had been loaded onto La Belle, providing definitive proof of the wreck's identity.
The shipwreck may have been known to one or more local watermen before its discovery by archaeologists.
During the 1996 excavations, Texas Historical Commission archaeologists observed direct evidence that one of the four bronze cannons known to have been on La Belle had been removed from the wreckage some time before the 1995 discovery of the wreck, possibly decades earlier.
It was surmised that this may have been the action of a local shrimper who may have accidentally snagged and recovered the gun in his nets.
The whereabouts of this cannon remain a mystery, and no other clear signs of prior artifact recovery were observed at the wreck site.

Because of the historical significance of the wreck, and because of the dark waters of the Bay which severely limited visibility for divers, the decision was made to construct a cofferdam around the wreck site.
This was a double-walled steel structure, with compacted sand between the two walls, surrounding the entire wreck.
The 1.5 million dollar structure was paid for by the state of Texas, though private funding and federal grants would fund much of the subsequent excavation.
After completion in September 1996, the water inside the cofferdam was pumped out and the ship was exposed to air for the first time in centuries.
A much larger team of archaeologists, numbering around 20, had been assembled in the nearby town of Palacios and were charged with the complete excavation of the shipwreck, under the direction of Dr. Jim Bruseth.
This endeavor lasted from July 1996 to May 1997, and was considered one of the most significant maritime archaeological excavations of its time.
As the muddy sediments were carefully removed from the wreckage, many wooden boxes and casks were exposed loaded with a wide variety of artifacts.
La Belle had contained all of the salvaged supplies from La Salle's wrecked storeship (L'Amiable) and thus offered a unique insight into the supplies deemed necessary for a successful colonization venture.
As this was considered enemy territory by the French (Texas was claimed by their Spanish rivals) and local Indians proved hostile, there was a wide array of weapons on board the vessel, including three bronze cannons, one iron swivel gun, several boxes of muskets, many casks of lead shot and gunpowder, a handful of ceramic firepots (used like hand grenades), and several sword handles.
There were also numerous trade goods, including hundreds of thousands of blue, white, and black glass beads, brass finger rings with Catholic religious symbols, brass pins, brass hawk bells, wooden combs, and a barrel of iron axe heads.
Tools and supplies such as smelting crucibles, a cooper's plane, a shovel, rope, and long bars of iron stock were also recovered, as were a wide variety of ship's hardware and rigging components.

One complete human skeleton was discovered, that of a middle-aged male with signs of arthritis.
Part of this individual's brain was intact, preserved by the anaerobic environment caused by the thick muddy sediments at the bottom of the bay.
After osteological analysis, these human remains were buried at the Texas State Cemetery.
All of the artifacts were removed from the hull by the start of March 1997.
From that point on, the archaeologists concentrated on the remains of the ship itself.
The entire ship was disassembled, each timber being carefully recorded before and after its removal from the hull remains.
Fieldwork was completed by May 1997, after which the cofferdam was disassembled and sold.
The recovered timbers were eventually reassembled in a special cradle and vat designed at Texas A&M University's Nautical Archaeology Program, the institution in charge of the conservation of all the artifacts recovered from the shipwreck site after 1995.
The hull was treated by long-term soaking in polyethylene glycol and freeze-drying, a process which took over ten years.
In October 2014 the La Belle: The Ship That Changed History exhibit officially opened.
The hull of the ship and many of the recovered artifacts, including colored glass beads, brass pots, a colander, a ladle, muskets, powder horns, an early explosive device called a fire pot and a bronze cannon with lifting handles shaped like dolphins, are on display at the Bullock Texas State History Museum in the state capital of Austin.
Many more artifacts can be seen in the multi-location La Salle Odyssey exhibit, located in museums around Texas.
The Corpus Christi Museum of Science and History is the official repository of artifacts.
The Museum of the Coastal Bend in Victoria, Texas also has many artifacts from the La Belle, mainly the other seven cannons from Fort St. Louis.
, a live stream of the build of La Belle is broadcast from the Bullock Museum on Wednesday through Saturday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central Time.
After the excavation was completed, the French government filed an official claim for the ship and its contents.

Despite a long-standing tradition repeated by American historians that La Belle was a personal gift from the King to La Salle, no documentary evidence confirming this claim could be produced.
Instead, archival research conducted in French depositories provided two official documents which listed La Belle as being owned by the King but loaned to La Salle.
Madeleine Albright conceded the claim in favor of France just before the end of the Clinton administration.
After a several-year negotiation, an agreement was signed on March 31, 2003 which gives official title to the wreck and its artifacts to the Musée national de la Marine in Paris.
Day-to-day control was granted to the Texas Historical Commission for 99 years.


The name grey thrush can refer to several species of bird:
Japanese thrush (Turdus cardis) of eastern Asia
Grey ground-thrush (Zoothera princei) of Africa
Grey shrike-thrush (Colluricincla harmonica) of Australasia


Nioumamilima is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros.
According to the 1991 census, the village had a population of 804.


The Purcell Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern British Columbia, Canada.
They are a subrange of the Columbia Mountains, which includes the Selkirk, Monashee, and Cariboo Mountains.
They are located on the west side of the Rocky Mountain Trench in the area of the Columbia Valley, and on the east side of the valley of Kootenay Lake and the Duncan River.
The only large settlement in the mountains is the Panorama Ski Resort and Kicking Horse Resort, though there are small settlements, such as Yahk and Moyie along the Crowsnest Highway, and residential rural areas dependent on the cities of Creston, Kimberley and Cranbrook, which are located adjacent to the range.
The Purcells are shown on some United States maps as the Percell Mountains, where their southern limit protrudes into the states of Idaho and Montana, abutting Lake Koocanusa, a reservoir on the Kootenai River.
American geographic classifications consider the Percells to be part of the Rocky Mountains but in Canada that terminology is reserved for ranges on the east side of the Rocky Mountain Trench.
In the Purcell Mountains, most of the peaks are near or above 10,000 feet in elevation.
The Purcells were formed in the Proterozoic eon (in the Precambrian period), which spans from 2,500 million years ago to about 540 million years ago.
The ten highest summits of the Purcells
1.
Mount Farnham	   3493 m
2.
Jumbo Mountain	   3437 m
3.
Howser Spire	   3412 m
4.
Karnak Mountain    3411 m
5.
Mount Delphine	   3406 m
6.
Mount Hammond	   3387 m
7.
Commander Mountain 3371 m
8.
South Howser Tower 3364 m
9.
Eyebrow Peak	   3362 m
10.
Mount Peter	   3357 m
List of mountain ranges in Montana


Walking With () is the sixth solo studio album by South Korean pop singer-songwriter Kim Dong-ryool, and his seventh solo album overall.
It was released on October 1, 2014 by the artist's label Music Farm and distributed by LOEN Entertainment.
Guitarist Lee Sang-soon (who has also been known as Lee Hyori's husband) and Superstar K2 runner-up John Park participated on the album as featured artists.
The album is the singer's first solo release since the holiday album KimdongrYULE (2011), and also his first studio album since Monologue (2008).
The self-produced album features ten tracks in total, including the lead single "How I Am" and the track under the same title.
Without any televised promotions, "How I Am" topped the Gaon Singles Chart for two consecutive weeks.
The song also won Song of the Year at the 4th annual Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards.
A LP edition of the album, limited to 3,000 copies, was available for sale.
As of  , Walking With has sold over 58,000 physical albums and three million digital singles in South Korea (see Chart performance).
"How I Am" () is the lead single from the album.
The song depicts a man who misses his past lover, and actor Gong Yoo starred in its corresponding music video.
After filming the music video, Gong stated "I can't forget the memories when I listened to the music of Exhibition () using cassette tapes in my school years.
Kim has been my favorite musician since then.
I wanted to celebrate by starring in the music video, in my mind to cheer the 20th anniversary of his debut."
The music video was released on October 1, 2014, via LOEN Entertainment's official YouTube channel.
Upon its release, "How I Am" achieved an "all-kill" status in South Korea, reaching the pole position on all of the real-time music charts including MelOn, Bugs, Soribada, Genie, Mnet Music, Monkey3, Olleh Music, Cyworld Music, Daum Music, and Naver Music.
Without any broadcast promotions, the song topped the Gaon Singles Chart for two consecutive weeks.

This was Kim's first feat since he received a trophy for "Should I Tell You Again That I Love You?"
() on MBC's Music Camp (currently Show!
Music Core) in January 2002.
"How I Am" was the 51st biggest selling digital song of 2014 in South Korea.
Since its release, the song has sold about 900,000 digital copies domestically.
Instead of having broadcast promotions, it was announced that Kim would hold his nationwide concert tour from November 1, 2014.
Starting in Busan, he performed in cities including Seongnam, Gwangju, Goyang, Jeonju, Seoul, Daegu, and Daejeon until January 3, 2015, to promote his comeback album.
All songs written and composed by Kim Dong-ryool.
 The title of track 2 literally means "The Youth".
 The title of track 5 literally means "That's How I Am".
 The title of track 7 literally means "My Heart Is".
 List of number-one hits of 2014 (South Korea)


Voice – The Best of Tour was a concert tour by British singer-songwriter Beverley Knight, organised to support the album Voice - The Best of Beverley Knight.
It began on 9 November 2006 in Cardiff and ended on 6 December 2006 in Plymouth.
 "Good Morning World" (Intro)
 "Flavour of the Old School"
 "Same (As I Ever Was)"
 "Piece of My Heart"
 "Shape of You" (acoustic)
 "The Need of You" (acoustic)
 "Keep This Fire Burning"
 "Come as You Are"
On numerous nights at the start of the tour, the final song performed was "Angels".
Me'sha Bryan - backing vocals
Bryan Chambers - backing vocals
Billie Godfrey - backing vocals
Paul Reid - Guitars / Musical Director
Andy Bernstein - tour manager
Keely Myers - production manager
Richard "Wez" Wearing - stage manager
Dennie Vidal - FOH engineer
Steven Abbiss - lighting design
Simon Piggy Lynch - lighting crew chief
Craig Pryde - PA tech
Rob Webster Reed - monitor engineer
Guardian review of Hammersmith Apollo gig
The Times review of Hammersmith Apollo gig
Manchester Evening News review of Manchester gig
Express and Star review of Wolverhampton gig


The New York State Supreme Court Building, originally known as the New York County Courthouse, at 60 Centre Street on Foley Square in the Civic Center neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, houses the Civil and Appellate Terms of the New York State Supreme Court for the state's First Judicial District, which is coextensive with Manhattan, as well as the offices of the New York County Clerk.
The granite-faced hexagonal building was designed by Guy Lowell of Boston in classical Roman style and was built between 1913 and 1927, completion having been delayed by World War I.
It replaced the former New York County Courthouse on Chambers Street, popularly known as the Tweed Courthouse.
Both the interior and exterior are New York City Landmarks: the exterior was designated on February 1, 1966 and the interior on March 24, 1981.
The selection of the architect was done by a design competition, which was won by Boston architect Guy Lowell in 1913.
Lowell originally proposed a circular building, to be built at the vastly expensive sum of $20 to $30 million.
Construction was delayed by World War I and the design was remade as a smaller and less expensive hexagonal building—a Temple of Justice.
The building was designed in the Roman classical style.
Work began in 1919.
The courthouse's dedication ceremony took place in February 1927, two weeks after Lowell died.
Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals Benjamin Cardozo and Associate Judges of the Court of Appeals Frederick E. Crane and Irving Lehman were present at the event.
The building's mass and scale give it the appearance of a temple.
A broad set of steps sweeps up from Foley Square to a massive Corinthian colonnade covering most of the front of the courthouse, topped by an elaborate 140-foot-long (43 m) triangular pediment of thirteen figures carved in bas relief from granite.
The pediment and acroteria by Frederick Warren Allen include three statues: Law, Truth, and Equity.
A frieze bears the inscription "The true administration of justice is the firmest pillar of good government", a quotation taken from a letter written by George Washington to Attorney General Edmund Randolph on September 28, 1789.

The error was apparently made by the architect, Guy Lowell, and the mistake was repeated by others, including Charles Warren in his Pulitzer Prize–winning The Supreme Court in United States History (1922).
The stone steps leading up to the colonnaded entrance were flanked by two allegorical statues, Justice and Authority, both designed in 1906 by the Franco-American sculptor Philip Martiny (1858–1927).
These are now at the back of the building.
Both figures are large in size, made of granite, and seated.
Justice, a female figure, is on the right side and holds a shield and scroll; Authority is on the left side and holds a scroll and fasces, the Roman symbol of authority.
The figures were purchased by the City of New York in 1906 and originally flanked the Centre Street entrance to the Surrogate's Courthouse (Hall of Records); the figures were removed in early 1960 for the widening of Centre Street and an expansion of the underlying subway platforms, and were then moved to the New York County Courthouse.
The rotunda is  in circumference and rises  to a cupola which in  high and  long.
The rotunda also contains ten stained-glass windows and clerestory.
The rotunda's most striking feature, however, is the oft-reproduced circular mural Law Through the Ages, also called The History of the Law.
This New Deal-era mural was designed by the Italian artist Attilio Pusterla and painted by him and a team of artists working under his direction from 1934 and 1936, under sponsorship from the Federal Art Project of the Works Project Administration.
Pusterla also executed murals in the courthouse's Jury Assembly Rooms on the fourth floor and Ceremonial Courtroom on the third floor.
Law Through the Ages is divided into six lunettes, or sections.
Each depicts a pair of figures from historical cultures important to the history of law: Assyrian and Egyptian, Hebraic and Persian, Greek and Roman, Byzantine and Frankish, English and early colonial, with the final section portraying George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.

Restoration of the mural (along with a stained-glass window also by Pusterla) took place in 1988; the project received a 1989 Design Award from the Public Design Commission of the City of New York.
The restoration project, which was privately funded by money raised from New York City judges and attorneys, was part of a broader renovation campaign in the 1980s and 1990s to protect the courthouse's historic art from water seepage and other damage caused by neglect.
The building is somewhat of an older sibling to Cass Gilbert's 1936 Corinthian-columned Foley Square Courthouse (renamed the Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse in 2001) just to its south, which also faces Foley Square from the east.
Both buildings face Federal Plaza across the square, which includes the more modern Jacob K. Javits Federal Building and James L. Watson Court of International Trade Building, which houses the U.S. Court of International Trade.
Other court buildings are nearby, including those for New York City Criminal Court, New York City Civil Court, and the Surrogate's Courthouse.
Many films and television series have been shot at the New York County Courthouse.
These include:
 Miracle on 34th Street (1947): the scene of the trial of Santa Claus (Edmund Gwenn) was shot here; the 1994 remake filmed the courthouse's exterior
 12 Angry Men (1957)
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990)
 Petrocelli, television series, during opening credits
 Night Court, television series
 Law & Order and its many spinoffs
 Kojak Cagney & Lacey Damages Blue Bloods Bull, television series, end scene in season 2 episode 22
List of New York City Landmarks
Appellate Division Courthouse of New York State


North West Staffordshire was a constituency in Staffordshire which returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Elections were held using the first past the post voting system.
The constituency was created for the 1885 general election, and abolished for the 1918 general election.
Elections in the 1880s
Leveson-Gower was appointed Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, requiring a by-election.
Elections in the 1910s
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1915.
The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the July 1914, the following candidates had been selected;


Gainsborough and Horncastle is a former county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
It existed from 1983 to 1997.
The area of and around Horncastle is now in the constituency of Louth and Horncastle.
For elections prior to 1983, and from 1997, see Gainsborough.
The District of West Lindsey, and the District of East Lindsey wards of Binbrook, Donington on Bain, Horncastle, Roughton, Woodhall Spa, and Wragby.


Kopaniny  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
It lies approximately  west of Końskie and  north-west of the regional capital Kielce.


Bansal Institute of Science and Technology


Snow is a children's picture book by Uri Shulevitz.
It received a  Caldecott Honor in 1999.
It also won the Charlotte Zolotow Award in 1999.
This book uses lively watercolor and pen-and-ink illustrations to show the transformation of the city as snow falls.
The beginning pages use a dull and bleak palette.
By the end of the book the previously dull city is covered in snow and looks magical and bright.
It is a dull and grey city until the first snowflakes start to fall.
No one thinks those few flakes will amount to much except for a boy and his dog.
He believes that it will snow, despite the numerous predictions from adults, the television, and the radio that it will not.
As the snow begins to pile up, disgruntled adults rush home, leaving the boy and his dog to joyfully enjoy the snow.
The snow is a metaphor for "the faith young children possess in the face of an adult world lacking in vision and understanding."


David Allen Walker (born January 16, 1952 in Charleston, West Virginia) is an American politician and  was a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 33 since January 2009.
Walker graduated from Herbert Hoover High School.
2012 Walker was challenged for the May 8, 2012 Democratic Primary but won with 2,028 votes (61.1%), and was unopposed for the November 6, 2012 General election, winning with 4,575 votes.
1996 Walker ran in the District 33 1996 Democratic Primary, but lost to Bill Stemple, who went on to win the November 5, 1996 General election.
1998 Walker challenged incumbent Representative Stemple in the four-way 1998 Democratic Primary but lost to Representative Stemple, who was unopposed for the November 3, 1998 General election.
2000 Walker placed in the three-way 2000 Democratic Primary but again lost to Representative Stemple, who won the November 7, 2000 General election against Republican nominee Ben Murphy.
2008 When District 33 Democratic Representative Stemple retired and left the seat open, Walker ran in the five-way May 13, 2008 Democratic Primary and placed first by 37 votes with 1,238 votes (30.6%), and won the November 4, 2008 General election with 3,635 votes (67.9%) against Republican nominee Larry Cole.
2010 Walker was challenged in the May 11, 2010 Democratic Primary and won with 1,644 votes (57.7%), and was unopposed for the November 2, 2010 General election, winning with 3,225 votes.


Sarah Lesch (born 1 March 1986) is a German singer-songwriter who performs with a guitar and ukulele.
Sarah Lesch was born in Altenburg, Thuringia and moved with her mother to Swabia at the age of five.
Her father Ralf Kruse is a Leipzig musician.
He played among others with Amor & Die Kids and the Original Erzgebirgs-Duo.
On her father's side she has a half-sister and a half-brother, in whom she only met during her time as a singer.
Lesch wrote music for children's plays and worked from 2009 until 2013 as an educator in Tübingen and since then, she has mainly worked as a musician.
Lesch's debut album with the title Lieder aus der schmutzigen Küche was released in 2012 under the alias "Chansonedde", was digitally distributed by Rummelplatzmusik in 2015 and released in 2016 in cooperation with the label Kick The Flame on CD.
In 2015 she released her second studio album, Von Musen und Matrosen under her real name.
The Leipzig music company Kick the Flame signed her in 2016.
Her third studio album Da Draussen was released in 2017; in September 2019 followed an EP with the label Räuberleiter GbR with Den Einsamen zum Troste.
With the six-minute song Testament, which Lesch wrote for her son, she won the Protestsongcontest held in Vienna in 2016 and at the Hermann-Hesse-Festival in Calw took second place in the Panikpreis.
The song, which is supposed to prepare the child for an uncertain future, was then widely distributed on the Internet and was also distributed by right-wing populist websites and right-wing extremist groups.
She clearly distanced herself from them.
In her song Der Kapitän she sings about the rescue of 37 people from distress with the ship Cap Anamur by Stefan Schmidt.
Lesch has performed regularly since 2013/2014, mainly on smaller stages.
Among other things, she was seen at the Hamburger Küchensessions or Inas Nacht and performed at the music festival Songs an einem Sommerabend.

 2012: Lieder aus der schmutzigen Küche
 2015: Von Musen und Matrosen (Rummelplatzmusik)
 2017: Da Draussen (Kick The Flame)
 2020: Der Einsamkeit zum Trotze (Kick The Flame)
 2019: Den Einsamen zum Troste (Räuberleiter GbR)


Patrick Onyango Sumba (July 22, 1948 - October 12, 2009) was a Kenyan triple jumper and journalist who competed for Kenya at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich in the triple jump event.


Reginald II of Bar ( or ) (died 25 July 1170) was a Count of Bar and Lord of Mousson from 1149 till his death.
He was the son of Reginald I, Count of Bar and lord of Mousson, and Giselle of Vaudémont.
In 1135, he attended the Council of Hugh of Metz with his father and brother.
He took part in the second crusade with his father and brother Theodoric in 1147.
His father died during his return.
He reestablished wars against his traditional enemies, the Duke of Lorraine and the bishop of Metz.
He was attacked in 1152, escaped to the Abbey of Saint-Mihiel and was excommunicated.
After that, Reginald had to make amends to have his excommunication lifted.
In 1170, Reginald died, to be succeeded by his eldest son, Henry, as Count of Bar and Lord of Mousson.
He was married in 1155 to Agnes of Champagne (died 1207), daughter of Theobald II (IV), Count of Blois and Champagne and Matilda of Carinthia, and had the following issue:
 Henry I (1158–1190), Count of Bar
 Theobald I (1159/61–1214), Count of Bar
 Reginald († 1217), bishop of Chartres (1182–1217)
 Hugh, canon in Chartres


McGeoch is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Alex McGeoch (1854–1922), Scottish footballer
Catherine McGeoch, American computer scientist
Charles McGeoch (1899–1985), American football coach
Ian McGeoch (1914–2007), British Royal Navy officer
John McGeoch (1955–2004), Scottish guitarist
John Alexander McGeoch (1897–1942), American psychologist and educator
Lillian McGeoch (1903–1992), Canadian painter and sculptor


Pétillon is one of the Brussels Metro stations on the eastern branch of line 5.
The metro station is located in the municipality of Etterbeek.
The station was opened in 1976 and is named after Major Pétillon, a Belgian colonial pioneer who died in Etterbeek in 1909.
The station underwent an 18-month, 6.3 million euro renovation ending in April 2008.
The station is also visited by tram lines 7 and 25.


Arthur Valentine Scott (13 February 1887 – 26 July 1966) was a South Australian rower and an AIF artilleryman who saw active service on the Western Front in WWI.
He was a four-time national champion who represented Australia at the 1924 Summer Olympics in the men's eight rowing crew.
He was a member of the AIF #1 eight which won at the 1919 Henley Peace Regatta and brought the King's Cup to Australia.
Both pre and post-war, Scott was employed as a fireman with the South Australian Railways.
Scott's senior rowing was from the Murray Bridge Rowing Club.
He, along with the rest of the champion Murray Bridge senior men's eight, was selected in South Australian state eights to contest the Australian men's interstate eights title at the Interstate Regattas of 1913 and 1914.
They won the national title in 1913  and placed second in 1914.
Scott enlisted in the AIF aged 28 in August 1915.
He joined the 27th Bttn.
in their 8th reinforcement and embarked from Adelaide on HMAT A30 Borda in January 1916.
On the Western Front he served initially as a Gunner with the 10th Field Artillery.
He was wounded in action at Pozieres during the height of fighting on 24 July 1916 and evacuated to hospital at Etaples.
He had been promoted to Lance Corporal and then acting Sergeant before being demoted to Corporal in 1917.
In September 1917 he was transferred to the 11th Field Artillery.
At Agincourt in May 1918 he refused an order to go up the line, was court-martialled, demoted to Gunner and sentenced to a year in military prison.
At war's end Scott rowed at the 1919 Peace Regatta at Henley-on-Thames in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) crew which won the King's Cup which in time, became the trophy for the men's eight event contested annually at the Australian Interstate Regatta.
Scott was seated in the AIF#2 crew for most of the training period leading up to the July 1919 Peace Regatta.
Along with Tom McGill and George Nettam he was one of the final three crew changes made to the AIF #1 eight just ten days before the event.

Scott returned to Australia in October 1919 and just three days after disembarkation in Melbourne he raced in and won a Senior Fours event (the Steward's Challenge Cup) at the Henley on Yarra regatta in Melbourne on 25 October 1919.
Scott returned to competitive rowing at Murray Bridge.
The Murray Bridge Rowing Club men's eight continued as the dominant Australian club eight of the 1920s.
They won the South Australian state championship from 1920 to 1923 and in 1921 by a margin of ten lengths.
For the four years from 1920 to 1923 they were selected in-toto as the South Australian men's eight to contest the  Interstate eights title (by now known as the King's Cup) at the Australian Interstate Regatta.
Scott rowed in the four seat of each of those crews and rowed in those South Australian King's Cup victories of 1920, 1922 and 1923,.
The South Australian media pushed for Scott's victorious 1920 King's Cup eight to be sent to the 1920 Antwerp Olympics but with the Victorian and New South Wales Rowing Association in control of selections and funding, there wasn't sufficient support for their campaign.
By 1924 with South Australia continuing to dominate Australian eights rowing, their claim could not be denied and after winning a test event raced on Port Adelaide in March 1924, Scott and the South Australian crew were selected in-toto to represent Australia as an eight at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Funding was raised from the Murray Bridge Rowing Club, the South Australian Rowing Association and the general public of South Australia.
The crew were nicknamed "the Murray Cods".
Unlike the 1912 Olympic eight, the Murray Cods were not invited to race in lead-up at the Henley Royal Regatta and in 2000 Ted Thomas jnr a crew member's son, asserted that this was because the eight was crewed by working class men other than the stroke Bill Sladden  It's undisputed that tour funds were scarce and on arrival in France, the crew had to row their shell 60 km to their training base; that on tour some of the crew busked as musicians to raise pocket money; and that on race day they first rowed their shell 26 miles from their boatshed to the Olympic course.

In the Olympic regatta, with Scott solid in the four seat, the Australian eight finished second behind Italy in their heat, then finished third in the repechage and didn't advance to the final.
Arthur Scott continued on as a first-class oarsman after the Olympics.
He rowed at four in the South Australian representative eights in the King's Cup campaigns of 1925 (fourth) and 1926 (second).
All told, Scott rowed in nine South Australian King's Cup eights in spite of war interrupting racing for five years in the middle of his career.
He maintained an active involvement in rowing right through to his fifties.


Panchadasi or Panchadashi ( Devanagari: पंचदशी IAST paṃcadaśī) is a simple yet comprehensive manual of Advaita Vedanta (अद्वैत वेदान्त, advaita vedānta) written in the fourteenth century A.D (1386-1391) by Vidyaranya (विद्यारण्य), previously known as Madhavacharya (माधवाचार्य).
Pancha (पंच) is five and dasi (दशी) is ten, are the total fifteen chapters divided into three quintets the three aspects of Brahman, Sat (सत, Truth), Chit (चित, Consciousness) and Ananda (आनंद, Bliss) aspects of Reality.
It elaborates Advaita (अद्वैत,non dual), Consciousness, Jiva, Maya, Prakriti (प्रकृति, prakṛti, Nature), Mahat (universal mind), Buddhi (Intellect), Ahamkara (Ego), Avidya (Ignorance), and ananda (Bliss).
Panchdasi was written during the later years of Vidyaranya's life around 1386 AD.
Vidyaranya was born around 1300 A.D. in Shalivahan (शालिवाहन) South India.
Madhava Madhavacharya, Madhavamantri, Madhavamataya were the names which Vidyaranya was known before his turning into recluse.
His father was Mayana (मायण) and Mother Srimati (श्रीमती), two brothers Sayana (सायण), and Bhogantha (भोगनाथ).

He established Vijayanagar Empire in 1335 AD with the help of Hukkayaray and Bukkaray.
He was also Prime Minister of the Vijayanagar empire.
Vidyaranya, was also the spiritual head of Sringeri Math in 1377 A.D to 1386 A.D.
He died in 1391 AD.
Vidyaranya, who was the spiritual head of Sringeri Math in 1377 A.D to 1386 A.D., and also wrote Drk-Drsya-Viveka, Sarvadarsana Samgraha, Sri Sankara Digvijaya, Jivanmukti Viveka, Anubhuti Prakasa, Vivaranaprameyasamgraha and Upanishad Dipika has been identified with Sayanacharya, the commentator on the Vedas, whose brother he most likely was.
He was closely connected with the foundation of Vijaynagar kingdom.
He was the minister of Bukka-devaraya of the Yadava Dynasty of Karnataka, his younger brother was Sayana, and Bhogantha, father was Mayana and Mother Srimati.
He had two Gurus Sarvavishnu and Bhartiteerth.
He died in 1391 AD.
The Panchadasi is a basic text which introduces into central doctrine of Advaita Vedantic philosophy.
Deeper concepts are dealt in more advanced treatise the Upanishads, the Brahmasutras and the Bhagavadgita.
The purpose of the life is the realization of the experience of Absolute Existence, which is the highest fulfillment all the aspirations of the whole of creation.
Panchdasi as the name suggest this text, "consisting of 15 Chapters grouped into three quintads.
This is very much like the three aspects of Brahman – sat (existence), cit (consciousness) and ananda (bliss), respectively.

Pure spirit is encased with five sheaths to delude individual soul as self.
Cosmology of creation is described similar to Samkhya (सांख्य,sāṃkhya) philosophy stating the relationship between pure consciousness (Brahman) with material universe.
 Dipa-panchaka (दीप-पचंक, dīpa-paṃcaka) (expounding the nature of the Self as pure consciousness) : The second set of five chapters through light (Dipa) on the Pure Consciousness (Brahman) as the only Reality with Existence (Sat).
God (Isvara), World (Jagat) and Individual (Jiva) are described in detail with their mutual relationship.
Theory of perception and process of the ascent of the Jiva to its supreme goal, liberation from Maya (illusion) to unite with Brahman the Absolute.
Meaning and method of meditation the way to contact with Reality is also described in very lucid and candid discourse.

This is not worldly happiness but complex dissolution into eternal pleasure.
Duality of Jiva and God merging into one Consciousness and Existence.
This Atman ( Brahman) is the source of ultimate happiness the purpose of human life.
Vidyaranya has succeeded in an eminent way in setting forth the essentials of Advaita which holds that the direct means to release is the path of knowledge (jnana), and as moksa is the very nature of the Self, it is not an experience which is to be brought about through works (karma) ".
Chapter 1 Tatvaviveka (तत्वविवेकप्रकरणम्) – The discriminative knowledge of the ultimate Reality (main article Tatvaviveka)
Chapter 2 Mahabhutaviveka (महाभूतविवेकप्रकरणम्) – The discriminative knowledge of the five elements
Chapter 3 Panchakosaviveka (पन्चकोशविवेकप्रकरणम्) – The discrimination of the five sheaths
Chapter 4 Dvaitaviveka (द्वैतविवेकप्रकरणम्) – Discrimination of Duality
Chapter 5 Mahavakyavivekaya (महावाक्यविवे)कयप्रकरणम्) – Understanding the import of the Mahavakyas

Chapter 7 Triptidipa (तिृप्तिदीपप्रकरणम्) – Fulfillment on Realization of Pure Consciousness
Chapter 8 Kutasthadipa (कूटस्थदीपप्रकरणम्) – The Immutable Consciousness
Chapter 9 Dhyanadeepa (ध्यानदीपप्रकरणम्) – Meditation on pure Consciousness
Chapter 10 Natakadipa (नाटकदीपप्रकरणम्) – The lamp of the theatre
Chapter 11 Yogananda (योगानन्दप्रकरणम्) - The Bliss Of Yoga
Chapter 12 Atmananda (आत्मानन्दप्रकरणम्) - The Bliss of the Self
Chapter 13 Advaitananda (अद्वैतानन्दप्रकरणम्) - The Bliss of Non-Duality
Chapter 14 Vidyananda (विद्यानन्दप्रकरणम्) - The Bliss of Knowledge
Chapter 15 Vishayananda (विषयानन्दप्रकरणम्) - The happiness from external objects


Soma Dey (, born 1947) is an Indian actress who is known for her work in Bengali cinema.
She is best known for her role as Chintamani in Govinda Ray's Bilwamangal (1976).
Soma Dey made her big screen debut with Haraye Khunji (1974) and subsequently appeared in films such as Janmabhumi (1974), Bilwamangal (1976), Bondi Bidhata (1976), Shankhabish (1976), Sudur Niharika (1976) and Barbadhu (1978).
Soma Dey made her big screen debut with Swadesh Sarkar's Haraye Khunji (1976).
In the same year she starred in Piyush Kanti Ganguly's Janmabhumi (1974).
She was  Bilwamangal (1976) and Byapika Biday (1980) gave her prominence.


The Blue Hour () is a 1953 West German comedy film directed by Veit Harlan and starring Kristina Söderbaum, Hans Nielsen and Kurt Kreuger.
Production began on the film in October 1952.
It was shot at studios in Göttingen and on location on the island of Capri.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Walter Haag.
Because of public protests against his wartime role as a Nazi filmmaker, Harlan considered turning over the project to his colleague Geza von Bolvary but eventually decided to direct it himself.
It was the third film of a post-war comeback for the husband and wife team Harlan and Söderbaum, but was much less commercially successful than the two previous films the melodramas Immortal Beloved and Hanna Amon.
 Kristina Söderbaum as Angelika
 Hans Nielsen as Paul
 Kurt Kreuger as Dulong
 Paulette Andrieux as Lou
 Harald Juhnke as Fred
 Renate Feuereisen as Mariechen
 Jakob Tiedtke as Portier
 Otto Gebühr as Geheimrat Jordan


WCBC is an AM radio station that serves the greater area of Cumberland, Maryland.
Founded in April 1976, WCBC provides news coverage: locally, regionally, and nationally; weather forecasts; participation in major community events to promote the area and its organizations by way of remote broadcasts and community service announcements.
WCBC’s programming includes the long running Dave Norman Morning Program, and network affiliations with ABC Radio Network (Network news and Sean Hannity), the Westwood One Radio Network (Jim Bohannon), Dave Ramsey, Mark Levin, Premiere Radio Network (Coast to Coast with George Noory and Art Bell), Talk Radio Network (Laura Ingraham and Michael Savage), Yahoo Sports Network, and the Focus on the Family Radio Network.
The station’s sports programming includes coverage of local high school football and basketball, Allegany College of Maryland basketball, and West Virginia University football and basketball, Washington Redskins football, and area little league baseball.
WCBC also has an FM sister station, WCBC-FM at 107.1 in Keyser, West Virginia, playing an oldies format.
Lawsuit against Allegany County schools
On August 28, 2007, Cumberland Broadcasting Corporation, the owners and operators of WCBC-AM-FM, and "the Maryland Delaware DC Broadcasters Association filed a law suit in the United States District Court in Baltimore against each member of the Allegany County Board of Education, and the Superintendent of Allegany County Schools, Bill AuMiller", according to the WCBC (AM) website.
The reason for the lawsuit is "that the Board of Education has acted to deny WCBC its First Amendment rights", again quoting the WCBC website.
"Following criticism of the Board’s actions, WCBC was denied access to information provided to other media, denied access to press boxes at county schools, and denied information that would enable it to participate in a Board-endorsed scholarship program."
On August 31, 2007, the Allegany County Board of Education offered an olive branch to WCBC and would again allow WCBC access to information, press boxes, etc.
as it was prior to August 17, 2007 letter from the BOE which took those services away.
According to a September 15, 2007, AP/WJZ-TV report:



Trigonopterus viduus is a species of flightless weevil in the genus Trigonopterus from Indonesia.
The species is endemic to Sulawesi in Indonesia.
The species was described in May 2019.


Stillingia spinulosa is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name annual toothleaf.
It is native to the Southwestern United States where it occurs in the creosote scrub of the deserts.
It is an annual or perennial herb producing a clump of thick, leafy stems approaching a meter in maximum height.
The alternately arranged leaves have shiny pointed oval blades 2 to 4 centimeters long and up to 1.2 centimeters wide which are lined with sharp teeth.
The inflorescence is a stout spike of flowers 1 to 2 centimeters long.
The plant is monoecious, and each spike has several male flowers at the tip and 1 or 2 fruit-bearing female flowers below these.
Neither type of flower has petals.
The ovary of the female flower develops into a three-lobed greenish capsule about half a centimeter wide.
There is a tiny rough-surfaced seed in each of the three chambers of the fruit.


The 38th Reconnaissance Squadron is a United States Air Force unit.
Part of the 55th Wing at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska.
It operates the Boeing RC-135 aircraft conducting reconnaissance missions.
The mission of the 38th Reconnaissance Squadron is to provide RC-135 aircraft and personnel to conduct global reconnaissance for national intelligence agencies, key decision makers and warfighters.
Established in late 1942 as a Lockheed P-38 Lightning fighter squadron, trained under Second Air Force in the Pacific northwest.
Deployed to the European Theater of Operations, assigned to VIII Fighter Command in England in late 1943.
Squadron's mission was to provide long range fighter escort for Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress and Consolidated B-24 Liberator heavy bombers on strategic bombing missions over Occupied Europe and Nazi Germany.
In April 1944 received P-51D Mustang fighter aircraft and continuing its primary task of escorting B-17 and B-24 bombers that attacked such targets as industries and marshalling yards in Germany, and airfields and V-weapon sites in France.
The squadron flew air patrols over the English Channel and bombed bridges in the Tours area during the Invasion of France in June 1944.
In July the squadron attacked gun emplacements during the Saint-Lô breakthrough.
The unit patrolled the Arnhem sector to support the Airborne invasion of the Netherlands in September 1944, and later in December, transportation facilities during the Battle of the Bulge.
During the Western Allied invasion of Germany, the squadron flew ground support missions by strafing trucks, locomotives, and oil depots near Wesel when the Allies crossed the Rhine in March 1945 and continued offensive operations until 21 April 1945.
After the German Capitulation, became part of the United States Air Forces in Europe Army of Occupation, at AAF Station Kaufbeuren, then moved to AAF Station Giebelstadt in early 1946 where it received its first jet aircraft, the Lockheed P-80A Shooting Star.
Inactivated in August 1946 when personnel were demobilized and aircraft were transferred to the 31st Fighter Group.
Reactivated by Strategic Air Command in 1947 as a reconnaissance squadron, equipped with Boeing RB-17 Flying Fortress aircraft.
Flew aerial photography, mapping, charting, and photo reconnaissance missions, some of which flew around borders of the Soviet Union and over the Soviet Occupation Zone of Germany.

Gradually the RB-17s and other aircraft mapped the perimeter of the Soviet Air Defenses from the Baltic Sea to the Sea of Okhotsk, north of Japan.
Upgraded to Boeing RB-29 Superfortress aircraft in 1949 and continued its reconnaissance mission, however inactivated in 1949 due to budget reductions.
Reactivated in 1950 at Ramey Air Force Base, Puerto Rico, again flying RB-29s performing strategic reconnaissance, charting photography, precise electronic geodetic mapping, and electronic reconnaissance missions, upgrading to Boeing RB-50 Superfortresses in 1952.
Equipped in 1953 with Boeing RB-47E Stratojets and conducted a variety of classified overflights of the Soviet Union during the 1950s.
Some of these flights were mounted from Thule in Greenland and probed deep into the heart of the Soviet Union, taking a photographic and radar recording of the route attacking SAC bombers would follow to reach their targets.
Flights which involved penetrating mainland Russia were termed SENSINT (Sensitive Intelligence) missions.
One RB-47 even managed to fly 450 miles inland and photograph the city of Igarka in Siberia.
Beginning in 1958, used 3 specially modified Stratojets, known as EB-47Es (Tell Two), in Operation Iron Work to monitor Soviet missile tests from Baikonur, Tyuratam and Kapustin Yar.
The early EB-47E 'Tell Two' was easily recognizable as the aircraft were equipped with 2 large telemetry pods attached to either side of the fuselage, just aft of the nose, which intercepted data from Soviet data from missile tests.
A later version of the 'Tell Two' housed the telemetry pods internally and had a streamlined nose.
The USAF long range radar site at Samsum in Turkey, on the south coast of the Black Sea, also assisted in this activity.
Missions flown on a reduced scale after February 1958 when events showed the vulnerability of the RB-47 to Soviet air defenses and the development of the U-2 aircraft.

On 1 April 1970 SAC reorganized the Post Attack Command and Control mission and the 38th inactivated and turned the mission over to the newly 2d Airborne Command and Control Squadron.
The squadron flew worldwide strategic reconnaissance including in support of the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962, Operation Urgent Fury in October 1983, Operation El Dorado Canyon in April 1986, Operation Just Cause in December 1989, and Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm from January–February 1991.
 Constituted as the 38th Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor) on 20 November 1940
 Activated on 15 January 1941
 Redesignated 38th Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor) (Twin Engine) on 31 January 1942
 Redesignated 38th Fighter Squadron (Twin Engine) on 15 May 1942
 Redesignated 38th Fighter Squadron, Twin Engine on 20 August 1943
 Redesignated 38th Fighter Squadron, Single Engine on 5 September 1944
 Inactivated on 20 August 1946
 Redesignated 38th Reconnaissance Squadron, Very Long Range, Mapping on 3 February 1947
 Activated on 15 March 1947
 Redesignated 38th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron, Photo-Mapping on 1 July 1949
 Inactivated on 14 October 1949
 Redesignated 38th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron, Medium, Photo on 27 October 1950
 Activated on 1 November 1950
 Redesignated 38th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron, Medium on 16 June 1952
 Redesignated 38th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron on 16 August 1966
 Inactivated on 1 April 1970
 Activated on 1 April 1979
 Redesignated 38th Reconnaissance Squadron''' on 1 September 1991
 55th Pursuit Group (later 55th Fighter Group), 15 January 1941 – 20 August 1946
 5th Reconnaissance Group, 15 March 1947
 311th Air Division, 26 May 1949 (attached to 9th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing)
 55th Strategic Reconnaissance Group, 1 June–14 October 1949

 Further attached to 3d Air Division, 15 January–28 May 1951, 7th Air Division after 5 April 1952)
 55th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing, 16 June 1952 – 1 April 1970 (remained attached to 7th Air Division to 9 August 1952)
 55th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing, 1 April 1979
 55th Operations Group, 1 September 1991 – present
 Hamilton Field, California, 15 January 1941
 Columbia Airport, Oregon, 21 May 1941
 McChord Field, Washington, 14 December 1941
 Paine Field, Washington, 9 September 1942 – 20 August 1943
 RAF Nuthampstead (Station 131), England, 16 September 1943
 RAF Wormingford (Station 159), England, 16 April 1944
 Kaufbeuren Airfield (R-70), Germany, 20 July 1945
 AAF Station Giebelstadt (Y-90), Germany, 4 April–20 August 1946
 Clark Field (later Clark Air Force Base), Luzon, Philippines, 15 March 1947 – 6 May 1949
 Fairfield-Suisun Air Force Base, California, 26 May 1949
 Topeka Air Force Base (later Forbes Air Force Base), Kansas, 1 June–14 October 1949
 Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana, 1 November 1950
 Ramey Air Force Base, Puerto Rico, 6 January 1951
 Deployed to RAF Bassingbourn, England, 15 January–28 May 1951, RAF Sculthorpe, England (5 April–15 May 1952, RAF Upper Heyford, England, 15 May–9 August 1952)
 Forbes Air Force Base, Kansas, 9 October 1952
 Deployed to Ben Guerir Air Base, French Morocco, 30 May–6 August 1955
 Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska, 16 August 1966 – 1 April 1970
 Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska, 1 April 1979 – present
 Republic P-43 Lancer (1941)
 Lockheed P-38 Lightning (1941–1944)
 Republic P-47 Thunderbolt (1943)
 North American P-51 Mustang (1944–1946)
 Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star (1946)

 Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress (1947)
 Boeing FB-17 (later RB-17) Flying Fortress (1947–1949)
 Beechcraft RC-45 Expeditor (1948–1949)
 Curtiss C-46 Commando (1948–1949)
 Douglas C-47 Skytrain (1948–1949)
 Boeing RB-29 Superfortress (1949)
 Boeing RB-50 Superfortress (1950–1954)
 Boeing RB-47 Stratojet (1954–1965)
 Boeing EB-47 Stratojet (1957–1965)
 Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker (1966 – c. 1968)


The Feldberg Foundation promotes scientific exchange between German and British scientists in the field of experimental medical research.
The foundation is registered in Hamburg, Germany with the secretariat based in the UK.
The pharmacologist Wilhelm Feldberg, who as a Jew had been forced to emigrate from Germany in 1933, used the pension he was given as Emeritus Professor in Germany and the restitution money that he received from the German Government to establish the Feldberg Foundation in 1961.
Each year a German and a British scientist are chosen, and each recipient gives a prize lecture in the other one's country.


The 125th Pennsylvania Infantry volunteered during the American Civil War and served a 9-month term from August 1862 to May 1863.
It selected the motto In God We Trust.
The Regiment fought at the Battle of Antietam under the leadership of Colonel Jacob C. Higgins less than six weeks after being recruited in Blair, Cambria and Huntingdon Counties.
The Regiment was noted for its charge through the East Woods, along the Great Cornfield, down Smoketown Road, past the Dunker Church, and into the West Woods.
While in formation beyond the Dunker Church in an 'overextended' position, the Regiment repulsed four counterattacks at a price of 229 casualties (33% of engaged) within 20 minutes.
A fifth, heavily reinforced Confederate counterattack forced a retreat with a desperate struggle to retain the Regimental colors.
Two weeks before the end of their enlistment, the 125th Pennsylvania also occupied the perimeter of Chancellorsville, Virginia, during the Battle of Chancellorsville.
As the Civil War extended into its second year, President Abraham Lincoln appealed nationally for 300,000 additional men on July 1, 1862.
In response on July 21, Governor A. G. Curtin called for 21 new regiments from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with nine-month enlistments.
Four regiments were expected from Blair and Huntingdon Counties, and the 125th Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers was recruited as ten companies from late July through early August.
The great majority had no previous military experience and came from all walks of life.
Although the draft would come to Pennsylvania in September, the members of the 125th enlisted earlier and primarily for "patriotic motives".
Battle of Antietam (1st Div, 1st Brigade)
Mud March (1st Div, 2nd Brigade)
Battle of Chancellorsville (2nd Div, 2nd Brigade)
After mustering at Harrisburg, the regiment was assigned to the 1st Brigade, 1st Division, XII Corps in the Army of the Potomac while they trained at Washington, D.C.
They marched from Washington to Frederick to Sharpsburg in response to the Confederate Army's crossing of the Potomac River into Maryland.

As the fighting effectiveness of General Hooker's First Corps waned, the Twelfth Corps marched into battle under the command of General Joseph K. F. Mansfield.
Certain that the five new regiments of Williams' First Division would run away if deployed in line of battle, Mansfield ordered the First Brigade to lead in a tight formation known as close column of companies.
This deterrent to flight transformed the massed troops into an ideal artillery target.
As shot and shell began to fly over and drop nearby, a single strike could have killed dozens of men.
While forming line of battle east of Smoketown road and 250 yards north of the East Woods, they observed a mortally wounded General Mansfield as he returned on his horse from a forward reconnaissance position.
Three members of the 125th Pennsylvania (Coho, Edmundson, & Rudy, along with two others) helped him from his horse, carried him to the rear on a chair formed from muskets, and turned him over to a surgeon.
After a delay for re-organization, the 125th Pennsylvania moved forward to support Monroe's First Rhode Island Battery (I Corps, 1 Div) diagonally across the intersection of Smoketown Road and Hagerstown Pike at about 8:45.
They were then detached from the XII Corps, 1st Division, and making a stand with Tyndale's and Stainbrook's Brigades of Greene's 2nd Division (XII), and Confederates were forced to temporarily withdraw from the West Woods.
By 9:00 they moved 100 yards farther ahead but remained the lone Union element in the West Woods.
By about 9:15 as the Confederates counter-attacked, the 34th NY (II,2) arrived to the 125th Pennsylvania's rear, while the 7th MI (II,2) arrived remotely to the 125th Pennsylvania's right, and Sumner's (II Corps) "Disaster in the West Woods" began.

Sensing a rout, the Confederates followed the retreating regiments and continued to administer fire until Union artillery elements stalled their pursuit.
The 125th Pennsylvania remained with Monroe's Battery (now re-positioned near the intersection of Smoketown Road and Mumma Farm Lane) until the end of the Battle.
The commander of II Corps, 2nd Division, 1st Brigade, Brigadier General Willis A. Gorman, observed the performance and fate of the 125th Pennsylvania and commented, "On our left, in the woods, there was a force that told me they belonged to General Crawford's brigade, that were posted there when we first entered it.
They fought handsomely until the heavy force of the enemy turned their left, when they retired rapidly, and by this movement in five minutes the enemy's fire came pouring hotly on our left flank and rear."
In his memoirs General William T. Sherman decried a systematic problem which the 125th Pennsylvania fell prey to at Antietam, along with many other Regiments in their initial battles:
The greatest mistake in our civil war was in the mode of recruitment and promotion.
When a regiment became reduced by the necessary wear and tear of service, instead of being filled up at the bottom, and the vacancies among the officers filled from the best non-commissioned officers and men, the habit was to raise new regiments, with new colonels, captains, and men, leaving the old and experienced battalions to dwindle away into mere skeleton organizations.</p>
Significantly, Antietam was the last battle fought in the east without the construction of field fortifications, although naturally occurring features, such as the Sunken Road and the quarry holes above the Burnside Bridge, were exploited as rifle pits.
Three months after Antietam at Fredericksburg, several of Longstreet's divisions fought behind breastworks, and eight months after Antietam at Chancellorsville, both armies constructed hasty fortifications at every opportunity.

During the 125th Pennsylvania's withdrawal from the indicated position in the West Woods, one of the most dramatic events in the regiment's history began with the regimental color-bearer, Sergeant George Simpson who stands immortalized in granite on top of the monument:
After receiving a bullet to the brain, Simpson fell on the flag and stained it with blood oozing from his right temple.
Corporal Eugene Boblitz of Company H grabbed the colors and was soon felled with a leg wound that crippled him for life.
Several other soldiers were shot trying to save the colors.
Finally, Sergeant W.W. Greenland snatched up the bloodstained banner and passed it on to Captain William Wallace, who used it to rally the regiment.
About 200 men formed in line, and about 60 gathered around the much-contested colors in protection.
In the twenty-first century, there is often much debate over how we treat the flag.
In the Civil War, there was none.
Many soldiers were willing to give their lives for that flag.
By October 30, 1862, the 125th Pennsylvania had been reassigned to the 2nd Brigade, 1st Division (XII Corps) under Brigadier General Thomas L. Kane and newly positioned at Loudon Heights, VA, near Harper's Ferry, for extended drilling.
Departing on December 10, one leg of the 125th Pennsylvania's march toward Fredericksburg was brilliantly fortunate (avoiding Burnside's signature disaster), but the second leg coincided with Burnside's fatal act of futility, the Mud March.
Escorting the XII Corps' train of ammunition wagons from Dumfries (January 20) to Stafford Courthouse (January 24), the 125th Pennsylvania endured the same days of heavy rain which stalled the movement of the Army's Center Grand Division (III and V Corps) toward Banks' Ford.
All participants in the Mud March moved very slowly or became stuck fast, and Burnside's aspirations for success at Fredericksburg expired with his command.
On April 27–28, the initial three corps of the Army of the Potomac began their march under the leadership of General Henry W. Slocum.

Upon reaching Chancellorsville on April 30, 1863, General Joseph Hooker deployed the Army of the Potomac in a defensive perimeter around the intersection.
Slocum's Twelfth Corps held the center of the Union line, and for three days, his troops entrenched, creating a sturdy earthwork screened by a line of fallen trees known as abatis.
While Hooker still maintained the initiative, he commanded a three-pronged eastward thrust.
The 1st & 3rd Divisions of the V Corps (Meade) advanced along River Road, the 2nd Division (Sykes) advanced along the Turnpike, and the entirety of the XII Corps (Slocum) advanced along the Plank Road.
One mile out, Slocum (XII Corps, including the 125th Pennsylvania) encountered a Confederate picket post and reacted cautiously by deploying his two divisions in line of battle, one Division on each side of Plank Road.
Advancing slowly for the next half mile in this formation, the XII Corps had just emerged onto high ground at the Alrich farm, favorable for an offensive, when a Hooker emissary, Colonel Joseph Dicksinson, reported the advance far short of objective and already engaging the enemy at about 1:30 p.m.
Simultaneously, Hooker received unfavorable reports about the progress of Sykes (V-2)(east of Chancellorsville on the Turnpike) and Sedgwick (VI)(east of Fredericksburg).
Meade's (V) 1st & 3rd Divisions were advancing unimpeded toward a strategic imperative, occupation of Bank's Ford on the Rappahannock River; nonetheless, Hooker called a halt to all operations and ordered a retreat into defensive positions around Chancellorsville.
Thereby, the initiative had been lost for the remainder of the battle.
Between noon and 2 p.m., an armed, westward-moving force became visible and audible to the 125th Pennsylvania's 2nd Division.

The degree of subterfuge associated with the movement was noted by Captain Wallace:
During a suspicious lull in operations, a field officer near me, training his glass on a distant woods, drew my attention to a column of the enemy moving eastward in front of that woods.
It was apparently a large force, but as we kept watching it, we were surprised by the occasional reappearance of an officer on a white horse.
In each instance he would emerge from our right and disappear on our left, and as it was the same officer, we found that we were witnessing a bit of war strategy, and that a small force was circling many times around that woods to convey the impression that it was an army change of base in one direction, while in reality it was moving the other way.
Following the failure of the Union command to recognize and respond to General Thomas J. Jackson's flanking movement and the subsequent attack, the entire XII Corps attempted to rally the panic-stricken fugitives of the XI Corps, but they would not stop until they were either captured or reached the Rappahannock River.
Ultimately, intense night-fighting, especially artillery from Hazel Grove, stemmed the attack, but the 125th Pennsylvania, along with the most of their 2nd Division, was not involved.
For two days of battle the Confederates did not test Slocum's position, but starting at 5:30 a.m. on May 3, Lee ordered a broad assault.
While Virginians led by General William Mahone attacked the 2nd Division of the XII Corps, Confederate artillery on the Orange Plank Road and at Hazel Grove sent shells screeching into Slocum's line from the rear.
The XII Corps gamely held its ground, but as the hours passed, its supply of ammunition ran low.
At 9 a.m., Slocum ordered a retreat, and by 10a.m., fighting had essentially ceased with the Confederates in possession of Chancellorsville.

On May 2, Stonewall Jackson's famous 'Flanking Maneuver' avoided the trap of breastworks placed by the III, XI and XII Corps and led to an attack on the XI Corps' rear.
The fiercest fighting of the Chancellorsville Campaign occurred on May 3, including action at Salem Church and Fredericksburg, and produced the second bloodiest day of the Civil War.
The smaller Confederate Army (60,892 CS men vs. 133,868 US men) experienced a significantly higher rate of casualties (22% CS vs. 13% US) than the enemy during General Robert E. Lee's 'Perfect Battle'.
Muster out and after
Shortly after the Regiment mustered out and returned home, the Confederate victory at the Second Battle of Winchester on June 13–15, 1863, opened the doorway for the invasion of Pennsylvania.
Many of the Regiment reenlisted immediately at the State level as part of the Emergency and State Militia Troops of 1863.
Others reenlisted for national service in units of infantry, cavalry or artillery, and some successively reenlisted at both levels.
Mission statement and legacy
"To teach the lesson of patriotism to future generations".
Henry C. Warfel, Medal of Honor recipient
Honorable Josiah D. Hicks, U.S. Representative, 53rd, 54th & 55th Congresses
Honorable Thomas McCamant, Pennsylvania Auditor General, 1888–1892
Walter W. Greenland, Adjutant-General of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, 1892–1895
Thomas Williamson Hurd, Sr., Mayor of Altoona, 1878–1880
John D. Patterson, Mayor of Harrisburg, 1875–1881


In mathematics, particularly topology, collections of subsets are said to be locally discrete if they look like they have precisely one element from a local point of view.
The study of locally discrete collections is worthwhile as Bing's metrization theorem shows.
Let X be a topological space.
A collection {Ga} of subsets of X is said to be locally discrete, if each point of the space has a neighbourhood intersecting at most one element of the collection.
A collection of subsets of X is said to be countably locally discrete, if it is the countable union of locally discrete collections.
1.
Locally discrete collections are always locally finite.
See the page on local finiteness.
2.
If a collection of subsets of a topological space X is locally discrete, it must satisfy the property that each point of the space belongs to at most one element of the collection.
This means that only collections of pairwise disjoint sets can be locally discrete.
3.
A Hausdorff space cannot have a locally discrete basis unless it is itself discrete.
The same property holds for a T1 space.
4.
The following is known as Bing's metrization theorem:
A space X is metrizable iff it is regular and has a basis that is countably locally discrete.
5.
A countable collection of sets is necessarily countably locally discrete.
Therefore, if X is a metrizable space with a countable basis, one implication of Bing's metrization theorem holds.
In fact, Bing's metrization theorem is almost a corollary of the Nagata-Smirnov theorem.


Deep in the Iris is the third studio album by Canadian experimental pop/art rock band Braids.
It was released by Arbutus Records worldwide, excluding Canada where it was released by Flemish Eye, on 28 April 2015.
It has been described as the band's "sunniest and most immediate record".
Braids began writing Deep in the Iris in tandem with their second album Flourish // Perish, performing unreleased new songs live in 2012 and 2013, with "Blondie" being the earliest-surviving song to be included on the album.
Writing and recording officially began in March 2014 for seven weeks in a cabin in woods near Prescott, Arizona, marking the first time the band had worked on an album outside Canada.
After recording Flourish // Perish in their windowless garage in Montreal, Arizona was chosen because the band "wanted to leave winter, to leave what we were familiar with, to go to a place where we felt sunlight on our face".
Taylor Smith revealed that the band focused on the process of songwriting, rather than the expectation which comes with recording an album, explaining, "the expectation was to have a beautiful experience together and if a record comes out of that beautiful experience, great!".
In the first few weeks in Arizona, the band "just went on walks, had talks, roasted marshmallows and chopped firewood and went grocery shopping and cooked meals" in an effort to reconnect after touring Flourish // Perish.
The band interrupted the writing process to tour across the United States with Wye Oak for three weeks in May 2014, debuting new songs "Taste" and "Letting Go".
The band cut back on the electronic elements which featured on Flourish // Perish and instead refocused on using live instruments, as on their debut album Native Speaker.
"Really cool, interesting-sounding pianos" were utilised.
Further sessions followed in Delhi, New York and Putney, Vermont in June and July 2014.
The "space and beauty" of the retreat in New York, coupled with the energy provided by the presence of the band's friends from Montreal and New York City, helped evolve "Happy When" and "Miniskirt", the latter being the final song written for the album.

Three additional songs were recorded, but were left off the album.
"Sweet World" (played live regularly in 2013 and 2014) was considered for the album, but "just didn’t fit with the whole vision of it".
Mixing began with Damian Taylor at Golden Ratio Studios in Montreal in late September 2014, with the sessions concluding in December.
With the band having done some preliminary mixing, Taylor's main contribution was to make Raphaelle Standell-Preston's vocals more prominent in the mix.
The album's title and track list were announced on February 10, 2015, with opening single "Miniskirt" made available for streaming on the same day.
Second song "Taste" was shared on SoundCloud on 4 March.
The album was released by Arbutus Records and Flemish Eye in Europe on 27 April 2015 and the following day in North America.
Musical style and influences
Prior to the beginning of recording, drummer Austin Tufts revealed he had been listening to performed music (as opposed to programmed), such as Little Dragon, Disclosure, Portico, Bonobo, Radiohead, R&B and soul.
Joni Mitchell, Sarah McLachlan and Alanis Morissette influenced Standell-Preston vocally.
A press release described "pornography, abuse and slutshaming" as themes evident in Standell-Preston's lyrics.
"Miniskirt" deals with her "as a woman at this point in my life; getting older and discussing what I do experience as a woman and what I’ve gone through".
The song is also about "standing up for gender equality and in particular, for women’s rights".
Tufts took the album's cover photograph in Vermont, a view through a culvert looking down into a creek.
Upon its release, the album received mostly positive reviews from music critics.
Aggregating website AnyDecentMusic?
reported a score of 7.3 based on 19 professional reviews, while Metacritic reported 78 based on 18 professional reviews.
The album was a shortlisted nominee for the 2015 Polaris Music Prize.

Austin Tufts – drums, vocals
Taylor Smith – bass, guitar, piano, vocals


The Rev.
Paul A. Holmes, S.T.D., is a Vice-President of Seton Hall University and was Interim Dean of the John C. Whitehead School of Diplomacy and International Relations until January 2007.
A native of Newark and West Orange, New Jersey, Fr.
Holmes received a bachelor's degree in sociology from Seton Hall University.
He then went on to continue his studies for the priesthood in Italy, receiving three degrees in theology from Roman universities: a Doctorate of Sacred Theology (S.T.D.
), magna cum laude, from the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Angelicum; a Licentiate in Moral Theology (S.T.L.
), summa cum laude, from the Pontifical Lateran University; and a Bachelor of Sacred Theology (S.T.B.
), magna cum laude, from the Gregorian University.
Ordained in 1981, Fr.
Holmes' first parochial assignment was at St. Matthew's in Ridgefield, New Jersey.
After two years, he was assigned to be the parochial vicar of Sacred Heart Cathedral in Newark and, while ministering there, he attended Yale University and earned a Master's in Sacred Theology (S.T.M., 1986), with honors.
He returned to Rome for doctoral studies at the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, after which he was assigned to Seton Hall University and was also named associate director of the archdiocesan Worship Office.
After defending his doctoral thesis in 1991, Father Holmes was hired at the rank of assistant professor by the Department of Religious Studies.
He was the first director of both Liberal Studies and Social & Behavioral Sciences, two programs in the College of Arts & Sciences.
Representing the college in the Faculty Senate, he was elected Vice Chair of the Senate Executive Committee.
While teaching at Seton Hall, Father Holmes helped inaugurate Clergy Consultation and Treatment Service, an interdisciplinary therapeutic outpatient assessment and treatment program for priests at Saint Vincent's Catholic Medical Center in Westchester County, New York, and served as its first spiritual director.
In 1998, he earned tenure and promotion at Seton Hall, and was elected Chair of the Religious Studies department.

Returning from his sabbatical, he became associate provost for Academic Administration at Seton Hall and in 2001, became the University's first vice president for Mission and Ministry.
In 2002, he led the efforts to obtain from the Lilly Endowment the largest nongovernmental grant ever awarded to Seton Hall.
The $2 million award helped establish the Center for Vocation and Servant Leadership.
While Vice President for Mission and Ministry from 2001-2005, Father Holmes supervised the new Center, Campus Ministry, the University Chaplain, and the International Institute for Clergy Formation.
He was also secretary-designee of the University's Board of Regents.
Fr.
Holmes has published articles in numerous journals, has lectured widely on issues of moral and sacramental theology, and was invited to create This Sunday's Scripture, the first homily service of Twenty-Third Publications in Mystic, Connecticut.
For many years, he has served as the chaplain for the Phi Beta chapter of Phi Kappa Theta, a social fraternity.
For the last four years, he has been the weekend assistant at St. Rose of Lima Parish in Short Hills, New Jersey.
In his spare time, he is independent editor of Mary Jane Clark's series of murder mysteries.


Photinia glabra, the Japanese photinia, is a species in the family Rosaceae.


Two ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS P33.
 , a P-class patrol boat launched in 1916 and sold in 1921.
 , a U-class submarine launched in January 1941 and sunk in August 1941.


Red Hook Crit was a criterium cycle race which has been held annually in Red Hook, Brooklyn since 2008.
It was founded by David Trimble.
Red Hook races are also held in three European cities: Milan since 2010, Barcelona since 2013, and at the Greenwich Peninsula, London since 2015.
Riders use brakeless fixed-gear bicycles.
There are often crashes during the races due to the high speeds and technical courses.
It is sponsored by Rockstar Games.
Since 2014, there have been separate men's and women's races.
Additional event at Brooklyn Navy Yard:
In 2014 the separate women's race was held for the first time.
Barcelona:  /
Barcelona:   /
Barcelona:   /
General classification winners
The Red Hook Criterium features both an individual general classification as well as a team classification.
With the introduction of a women's race in 2014, a women's GC was also introduced.
The Red Hook Crit is sponsored by Rockstar Games.


Double canon may refer to:
 Double canon in music, where it refers to a canon with two simultaneous themes
 Double canon in French typography, where it refers to 56-point type


Barry Du Bois (born 4 August 1960) is an Australian designer, building expert, television presenter and author.
Du Bois is currently a co-host and design/building expert on Network 10's lifestyle program The Living Room.
Du Bois first appeared on reality renovation show The Renovators as a building mentor and judge.
Du Bois attended Chipping Norton Public School and completed Year 10 at Liverpool Boys High School where he excelled at all sports.
In 1976 Du Bois began an apprenticeship in carpentry and joinery, and gained a building certificate in 1980.
He was mentored by architects and started to design and build homes as a speculative builder in 1979.
Du Bois ran a successful design, building and property development business until retirement in 2005.
During that time he served a term as President of the Master Builders Association NSW Eastern Suburbs and acted as an expert building witness for NSW courts and the Department Fair Trading tribunal.
In 2011, Du Bois hosted TEN's renovation reality series, The Renovators.
In 2012, Du Bois joined lifestyle program The Living Room on Network Ten, alongside Amanda Keller, Chris Brown and Miguel Maestre.
Heading up the renovations team, Du Bois assists home-owners in need of some expert help.
Du Bois was nominated to the Board of RUOK?
Day.
He is also a passionate advocator for the Cancer Council Australia and a firm believer in environmental sustainability.
In May 2018, Du Bois and Miguel Maestre released an autobiographical book called Life Force about Du Bois's family, friendships, living with cancer and includes nutritional advice and recipes by Maestre.
Du Bois was born in Sydney, in the suburb of Liverpool, and is now living in the suburb of Bondi.
Du Bois met his Australian partner Leonie Carol Tobler in Bondi in 1992.
They married in 1999 and their twins, a son and daughter, were born on 1 June 2012.
Du Bois was diagnosed with plasmacytoma, a cancer of the immune system, in 2010.
He underwent successful therapy, but the cancer had already destroyed the vertebrae at the top of his spine.
He received a titanium implant in his spine.

 Life Force by Barry Du Bois and  Miguel Maestre, Paperback (2018) :


Nick Katzman (born 1951) is an American blues musician.
Katzman was born in New York City, and lives in both Manhattan and Berlin, Germany.
He plays in a variety of musical genres, including Chicago blues, Mississippi blues, Texas blues, and ragtime.
As a teenager in the 1960s, Katzman saw many of the surviving country blues guitarists who travelled north to play their music in clubs and at the folk festivals.
He learned to lay both guitar and lute.
He studied classical music and jazz at Antioch College in Ohio.
His classical influences include Sylvius Leopold Weiss and Johann Sebastian Bach.
His blues music was inspired by a number of musicians, including Charlie Patton, Kid Bailey, and Mississippi John Hurt.
On his own website, Katzman also cites amongst his teachers the blues masters Mance Lipscomb, Reverend Gary Davis, Stefan Grossman and Rory Block.
About 40 years ago, Katzman moved to Germany to live, tour and perform.
Katzman discussed his musical influences as a mix of various strains of the blues, including Delta blues, country blues, folk music and hokum ragtime.
His music has been described as a "wide range of blues from Delta to Gary Davis."
Katzman's music has been compared to Tom Ball and Rich Stein.
He has also been compared favorably with his blues forebears Blind Blake and The Rev.
Gary Davis.
Katzman has collaborated with a number of senior Blues musicians, including Champion Jack Dupree, Carey and Lurie Bell, Louisiana Red, and Guitar Crusher.
Katzman also has mentored a number of younger musicians, including Thomasina Winslow.
He continues to learn to play new instruments, including the lute.
In the United States, Katzman often plays at The Good Coffee House at the Ethical Culture Society meeting house in Brooklyn, New York, New York.
He has been based (and currently as of 2007) in Germany.
In May and June 2007, Katzman toured Europe with Winslow, including a headlining appearance at the Stamford, England at the Stamford Arts Centre.
He returned to the Good Coffee House in April 2008, with "special guests Paul Handelman on harp and Thomasina Winslow on guitar and vocals."

 How to Play Delta Blues Guitar (Kicking Mule/Sonet SNKF 112) (1976, UK issue of KM 111)
 Panic When the Sun Goes Down (Kicking Mule/Sonet SNKF 112 (197?, UK re-issue of KM 111)
 Sparkling Ragtime and Hardbitten Blues (Kicking Mule KM 167) (1980)
  Songs and Bloozes (Stumble Records)
 Guitar Crusher's Googa Mooga CD (Blue Sting Records) (producer, player)
 Eb Davis's Good Time Blues (Acoustic Music) (producer)
 Played with Ruby Green on the two-volume The Best Of Kicking Mule CD (Laserlight label) and Sparkling Ragtime & Hardbitten Blues, see above
 Guitarist – Composer Sampler (Kicking Mule 1997)


Selin Demiratar (born 20 March 1983) is a Turkish actress.
Selin Demiratar was born in 1983 in Erzincan.
She first explored acting at the Antalya Municipal Theatre.
In 1999, she won the Miss Globe Turkey beauty pageant and finished in third place at Miss Globe World.
After moving to Istanbul, she started her professional acting career with a role in the series 90-60-90.
She became popular in Turkey following her appearance in Acı Hayat.
Koçum Benim (2002–2004) – Eylül
Abdülhamit Düşerken (2002) – Ayşe Sultan
Lise Defteri (2003) – Güney Esen
Acı Hayat (2005–2007) – Nermin
O Kadın (2007) – Yeşim
Dur Yolcu (2008) – Ayşe
Haneler (2009) – (supporting role)
Patlak Sokaklar Gerzomat (2012) – Jennifer
Huzur Sokağı (2012–2014) – Feyza
Mehmet Bir Cihan Fatihi (2018) – Hatun


Venus and the Razorblades were a short-lived punk rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed and managed by Kim Fowley after he severed professional relations with The Runaways.
They are believed to be one of the first mixed-gender American punk band.
The band included guitarist/singer Roni Lee (born Rhonda Lee Ryckman), who had co-written the song "I Wanna Be Where the Boys Are" for the Runaways; guitarist/singer Steven T.; bassist Danielle Faye (formerly of Atomic Kid); drummer Nickey Beat (formerly of The Weirdos and the Germs) (who was soon replaced by Kyle Raven); and singers Dyan Diamond and Vicki Razorblade (born Vicki Arnold).
When the band formed, Diamond and Razorblade were only 14 and 17 years old respectively.
Session musicians were used in some of the band's recordings.
The Woman's International Music Network, founded by Laura B. Whitmore, gives credit to Venus and the Razorblades, as well as the Runaways, for performing in a genre that was dominated mostly by men.
Venus and the Razorblades played a memorable concert with Van Halen at the Whisky a Go Go in 1976, and Van Halen sometimes played the Venus and the Razorblades song "Young and Wild" in their early concert performances.
The band put out a novelty single called "Punk-A-Rama" on the independent label Bomp!
Records to capitalize on the popularity of the punk rock genre, but then broke up.
A compilation album called Songs from the Sunshine Jungle was released in 1978 on Visa Records; it is extremely rare today.
After Venus and the Razorblades disbanded, Fowley tried to make Dyan Diamond into a star, and got her a deal with MCA Records; her 1978 album, In the Dark was a commercial failure.. Roni Lee collaborated and performed with Randy California and Ed Cassidy of Spirit, as well as Mars Bonfire and Jerry Edmonton of Steppenwolf, in 1977-78.
In 2013, Lee was granted an endorsement with Paul Reed Smith guitars for her distinctive style of playing as well as her place in punk rock's early history.
Lee released the album Heros of Sunset Blvd.
in 2016.


Bedoya is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Alejandro Bedoya (born 1987), American soccer player
Alfonso Bedoya (1904–1957), Mexican actor, frequently in U.S. films
Carlos García-Bedoya (1925–1980), Peruvian diplomat
Felipe Francisco Molina y Bedoya, diplomat from Costa Rica, born in the city of Guatemala
Gerardo Bedoya (born 1975), Colombian footballer
Harold Bedoya Pizarro (born 1938), former General and Commander of the Colombian National Army
Hernán Bedoya, Colombian land rights activist
Javier Bedoya, Peruvian politician and a Congressman representing Lima for the 2006–2011 term
José Díaz de Bedoya, member in Paraguayan Triumvirate following death of Francisco Solano López from Nov to Dec 1870
José Manuel García Bedoya, Peruvian politician in the early 1930s
Luis Bedoya Reyes, Peruvian Christian Democrat politician in the late 1960s
María Dolores Bedoya (1783–1853), Guatemalan independence activist
Yhonatan Bedoya (born 1996), Colombian footballer


Robert W. Bussard (August 11, 1928 – October 6, 2007) was an American physicist who worked primarily in nuclear fusion energy research.
He was the recipient of the Schreiber-Spence Achievement Award for STAIF-2004.
He was also a fellow of the International Academy of Astronautics and held a Ph.D. from Princeton University.
In June, 1955 Bussard moved to Los Alamos and joined the Nuclear Propulsion Division's Project Rover designing  nuclear thermal rocket engines.
Bussard and R.D.
DeLauer wrote two important monographs on nuclear propulsion, Nuclear Rocket Propulsion and Fundamentals of Nuclear Flight.
In 1960, Bussard conceived of the Bussard ramjet, an interstellar space drive powered by hydrogen fusion using hydrogen collected with a magnetic field from the interstellar gas.
Due to the presence of high-energy particles throughout space, much of the interstellar hydrogen exists in an ionized state (H II regions) that can be manipulated by magnetic or electric fields.
Bussard proposed to "scoop" up ionized hydrogen and funnel it into a fusion reactor, using the exhaust from the reactor as a rocket engine.
It appears the energy gain in the reactor must be extremely high for the ramjet to work at all; any hydrogen picked up by the scoop must be sped up to the same speed as the ship in order to provide thrust, and the energy required to do so increases with the ship's speed.
Hydrogen itself does not fuse very well (unlike deuterium, which is rare in the interstellar medium), and so cannot be used directly to produce energy, a fact which accounts for the billion-year scale of stellar lifetimes.
This problem was solved, in principle, according to Bussard by use of the stellar CNO cycle in which carbon is used as a catalyst to burn hydrogen via the strong nuclear reaction.
Bussard Ramjets are common plot devices in science fiction.
Larry Niven uses them in his Known Space setting to propel interstellar flight.
Following a standard hi-tech faster/cheaper/better learning curve, he started with robot probes during the early stages of interstellar colonization and eventually plotted them as affordable to wealthy individuals relocating their families off a too-crowded Earth (in "The Ethics of Madness").

In the Star Trek universe, a variation called the Bussard Hydrogen Collector or Bussard Ramscoop appears as part of the matter/antimatter propulsion system that allows Starfleet ships to travel faster than the speed of light.
The ramscoops attach to the front of the warp nacelles, and when the ship's internal supply of deuterium runs low, they collect interstellar hydrogen and convert it to deuterium and anti-deuterium for use as the primary fuel in a starship's warp drive.
In the early 1970s Bussard became Assistant Director under Director Robert Hirsch at the Controlled Thermonuclear Reaction Division of what was then known as the Atomic Energy Commission.
They founded the mainline fusion program for the United States: the Tokamak.
In June 1995, Bussard claimed in a letter to all fusion laboratories, as well as to key members of the US Congress, that he and the other founders of the program supported the Tokamak not out of conviction that it was the best technical approach but rather as a vehicle for generating political support, thereby allowing them to pursue "all the hopeful new things the mainline labs would not try".
In a 1998 Analog magazine article, fellow fusion researcher Tom Ligon described an easily  built demonstration fusor system along with some of Bussard's ideas for fusion reactors and incredibly powerful spacecraft propulsion systems, with which spacecraft could swiftly move throughout the solar system.
Bussard worked on a promising new type of inertial electrostatic confinement (IEC) fusor, called the Polywell, that has a magnetically shielded grid (MaGrid).
He founded Energy/Matter Conversion Corporation, Inc. (EMC2) in 1985 to validate his theory, and tested several (15) experimental devices from 1994 through 2006.
The U.S. Navy contract funding that supported the work expired while experiments were still small.
However, the final tests of the last device, WB-6, reputedly solved the last remaining physics problem just as the funding expired and the EMC2 labs had to be shut down.
Further funding was eventually found, the work continued and the WB-7 prototype was constructed and tested, and the research is ongoing.

His fusor design is feasible enough, he asserted, to render unnecessary the construction of larger and larger test models still too small to achieve break-even.
Also, the scaling of power with size goes as the seventh power of the machine radius, while the gain scales as the fifth power, so there is little incentive to build half-scale systems; one might as well build the real thing.
On March 29, 2006, Bussard claimed on the fusor.net internet forum that EMC² had developed an inertial electrostatic confinement fusion process that was 100,000 times more efficient than previous designs, but that the US Navy budget line item that supported the work was zero-funded in FY2006.
Bussard provided more details of his breakthrough and the circumstances surrounding the end of his Navy funding in a letter to the James Randi Educational Foundation internet forum on June 23.
From October 2, 2006 to October 6, 2006, Bussard presented an informal overview of the previous decade of his work at the 57th International Astronautical Congress.
This was the first publication of this work in 11 years, as the U.S. Navy had put an embargo on publications of the research, in 1994.
Bussard presented further details of his IEC fusion research at a Google Tech Talk on November 9, 2006, of which a video was widely circulated.
Bussard presented more of his thoughts on the potential world impact of fusion power at a Yahoo!
Tech Talk on April 10, 2007.
(The video is only available internally for Yahoo employees.)
He also spoke on the internet talk radio show The Space Show, Broadcast 709, on May 7, 2007.
He founded a non-profit organization to solicit tax-deductible donations to restart the work in 2007, EMC2 Fusion Development Corporation.
"Thus, we have the ability to do away with oil (and other fossil fuels) but it will take 4-6 years and ca.
$100-200M to build the full-scale plant and demonstrate it."

Bussard died from multiple myeloma on October 6, 2007 at age 79.


Mawlawi Hanif Shah al-Hussaini was elected to represent Khost Province in Afghanistan's Wolesi Jirga, the lower house of its National Legislature, in 2005.
A report on Khost prepared at the Navy Postgraduate School stated that he "was associated with Hezbi Islami, and possibly the Qanooni faction".
It stated that he was a member of the Pashtun ethnic group.
It stated he was a high school graduate.
It stated he sat on the Justice Committee.


The women's 3000 metres race of the 2015–16 ISU Speed Skating World Cup 1, arranged in the Olympic Oval, in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, was held on 13 November 2015.
Martina Sáblíková of the Czech Republic won the race, while Irene Schouten of the Netherlands came second, and Natalya Voronina of Russia came third.
Misaki Oshigiri of Japan won the Division B race.
The race took place on Friday, 13 November, with Division B scheduled in the morning session, at 09:00, and Division A scheduled in the afternoon session, at 12:30.
Note: NR = national record.
Note: NR = national record, NRJ = national record for juniors.


This is a list of museums in the Province of Milan, Lombardy Region, Italy.


